Who is Miss Delmer?


Who marries Arabella Mason?


Who's the tyrant who steals Percival's lunch?


Who Percival convinces the Pirates to spare?


Who lives at Madeline Hall?


Who does Captain Delmar suggest to Ben to secretly marry?


Who is Ben and Arabella's son?


Who does Percival see convinces the pirate captain to spare?


Who becomes Lord of Versely after the death of his brother?


Who offers Percival?


Who is Arabella Manson?


Who is Ben Keene?


Who did Ben secretly marry?


Who was Percival Keene?


Who was Percival's biological father?


Who has Percival reunited with?


Who was Minnie?


Which explorer had already made expeditions to the regions around the regions of the Sahara and Chad?


What country do the explorers return to after their African expedition?


Who accompanied Dr Samuel Ferguson on his trip to Africa?


Who did they save from an indigenous tribe?


Who frees Conan from the pirates who knocked him out?


Who else is on the ship as Conan and Olivia leave the desert island?


Who fled the city of Akif?


Who was the dark figure?


Who was made queen of the blue sea?


Who is the mad man who beats the pursuer of Olivia?


Who frees Conan from pirates?


Who made Conan a captain?


Who pursues and pursues Olivia?


Who frees Conan from pirates?


Who kills the captain of the pirate ship?


Who becomes the new captain of the pirate ship?


Who does Carlito hire Chelios to kill?


Who is Kaylo?


Who is Eve?


What twist is revealed just before Chelios receives a second dose of the drug?


Who is the mafia doctor Chelios calls for an antidote?


Who does Carlito hire Chelios to kill?


Who is killing Carlito?


Who is Chelios in charge of killing?


Who was kidnapped by Carlito's men?


Who appears when Carlito is about to inject Chelios with another syringe?


Who ends up injecting Chelios with the second syringe?


Who is Ebby and Crash fond of?


Who chooses the Bulls players to be his lover and his student?


Who is jealous of Ebby?


Who did Annie go out with?


What main weapons were destroyed?


Who kidnaps Picard from Enterprise?


Who is Shinzon a clone of?


Who created Shinzon?


Who is Shinzon a clone of?


Who saves Picard from Shinzon?


Who is killing Shinzon?


Who will become commander of the USS Titan?


Who (other than himself) does Shinzon look like the most?


Who does Shinzon take from the Enterprise?


Who did Jim Morrison see die on a desert highway in 1949?


What US state did Jim Morrison come to in 1965?


Who was Jim Morrison's girlfriend during his UCLA days?


Who was a rock journalist with whom Jim participated in witchcraft?


Who was pregnant with Jim Morrison's child?


By first name, who are the members of the Doors group?


Who is Pamela Courson in Jim?


Who is the Universal House of Justice asking for?


Human beings are the creation of whom?


Who is cited at the Universal House of Justice?


Which widespread belief is considered to cause the most harm?


Who is the founder of Baha'i?


Who is Maya trying to find?


Who Maya thinks Abu Ahmed is?


Who visually confirms Bin Laden's body when brought to the base?


Who is the President of the United States when the complex is attacked?


Who is Maya accompanying Dan to question him in the dark?


Who do Dan and Maya say is hiding in Abbottabad?


Who is identified and killed in a night raid?


Who has Maya spent her career studying?


Who confirms the identity of Bin Laden's corpse?


Who is the detainee tortured for information?


Who is Emily St. Aubert?


Who is Emily in love with?


Who became Emily's guardian after her father died?


Who marries Madame Cheron?


Who did Montoni try to force Emily to marry?


Who helped Emily escape the castle?


By whom is Emily imprisoned?


Who wants Emily to marry Count Morano?


Who is helping Emily stay safe in the castle?


Who keeps the property after Madame Cheron's death?


When Emilys' father dies, who becomes his tutor?


Who owns the castle in which Emily is imprisoned?


Who does Emily fall in love with?


Who helps Emily escape from the castle?


Who is the main character ?


Who is the main character's girlfriend?


What package does Chuck leave unopened?


Who does Chuck return the bundle of angel wings to?


Who's the only friend Chuck talks to on the island?


Which of Ms. Tabitha Twitchit's children becomes the best at catching rats?


Who helped Ms. Twitchit find Tom when he was lost?


Who is the carpenter who came to help Tom out of the attic?


Who are Moppet and Mittens to Tom Kitten?


Who did Tom Kittens meet in the attic?


Who saved Tom Kittens?


When Minna arrives she finally tells the truth about her finances?


Who is Minna von Barnhelm's missing lover?


Who left the sealed envelope in Tellheim?


What war precedes the events taking place?


Who left the money to the major?


Who left the money to Major Tellheim?


Who recognized the ring?


Who helped Minna pretend to be poor?


Who else found they were drawn to each other?


From which army was Major von Tellheim discharged?


Who sends the letter restoring Major Tellheim's honor?


Who falls in love with Kyla?


Who is begging the Elders for the Sky People for help?


Who does Dr. Forth convince to be hypnotized?


Who is Jason Allison?


Who does Jason Allison fall in love with?


Who is attacking Jason's expedition party on their way to the Hellers?


Who congratulates Dr. Allison on developing the serum to treat 48-year-old fever?


Who is Jason Allison?


Who is leading the Hellers expedition?


Who do they meet in the habitat of pioneer trees?


Who is Rand in the President of the United States?


Who finally figured out that Chauncey isn't as smart as everyone thinks?


Who is hit by a car?


Who is Eve?


Who was Eve drawn to?


Who was Rand's doctor?


What is the state of this story?


Who is the climber?


Who is Ralston befriending?


Who is alerting the authorities to Ralston's presence and situation?


Who is Isidore Beautrelet?


Who built the Château de l'Aiguille?


Who in the story is supposed to master the secret of the Hollow Needle?


Who built the Château de l'Aiguille?


Who is Louis Valmeras?


Who is the young but talented amateur sleuth?


Who is Isidore Beautrelet about to give a big headache?


By whom was the castle built?


WHO LIVES MARTY WITH?


Who does Marty hook up with at the prom?


Who is moving into Marty's house?


What major topic does Kant not discuss and which is vital for modern democracy?


Who will not fall under the domination of another state?


Who is killing Gustafson?


Gaear kills Jean but who kills Carl?


Who is Marge?


Who gave Jerry the loan he fraudulently guaranteed?


Who is Shep referring Jerry to?


Who does Jerry hire Gaear and Carl to kidnap?


Who is Marge's husband?


Who is Letitia promised to?


Who is Sir George Touchwood's wife?


Who makes Doricourt insensitive?


Who is Sir George jealous of?


In the story, who is Letitia Hardy promised to marry?


Who was Letitia Hardy promised to?


Who is Sir George madly jealous of?


On what social occasion does the drama take place?


Who is Li Mu Bai?


Who is Jen's father?


Who did Mu Bai really like?


Who is Lo to Jen?


Who was posing as Jen's housekeeper?


Who refuses the bio compensators who volunteer for the first interstellar space flight?


Who are the people who volunteer for the first interstellar flight called?


Who does Queen Ravenna disguise herself as?


Who does Snow White remind of the hunter?


Who is crowned queen after the murder of Queen Ravenna?


Who is the only person who can defeat Queen Ravenna according to the blind Muir?


Who burns the village?


From whom does Ravenna evacuate young people?


Who is the master of the black army?


Who is Queen Ravenna in disguise to get Snow White to eat the poisoned apple?


Who does Snow White remind of the hunter?


What kiss breaks the Queen's poison apple spell on Snow White?


Who is the first to kiss Snow White after being poisoned?


Who does Mr Hardcastle hope his daughter will marry?


Who are the two men heading to Hardcastle?


Who deceives men into thinking Hardcastle House is an inn?


Who becomes engaged to Hastings?


Whose appearance dispels misunderstandings?


Who does Mrs Hardcastle want Tony to marry?


At the end of the play, who is Marlow engaged to?


At the end of the play, who is Constance engaged to?


Who refuses to marry Constance ?


Who controls Constance's inheritance?


Who masquerade s as a serving-maid?


Who does Mr. Hardcastle want his daughter to marry?


Qui accepte de voler les bijoux de Mme Hardcastle?


Who has a secret romance ?


Who does Tony want to marry instead of Constance?


Who tells Kate about Marlow's shyness?


Qui a suggéré à Christine de sacrifier quelque chose pour se débarrasser de Lamia?


Who saved Singleton from the Turks?


Who was Singleton sold to as a young boy?


Who did William Walters rescue?


Who is Singleton marrying?


On which continent do the characters travel?


Who is the close friend of Captain Bob who returns to England with him?


What does the English merchant who the marchers meet persuade them to stop for?


Who does William succeed in trade negotiations with?


Who does Tom Corey reveal he loves ?


Who is Silas Lapham s former business partner ?


À qui tout le monde pense-t-il que Tom Corey est attiré?


Who does Penelope fear she will betray if she acts on her feelings for Tom Corey?


Who is being interviewed at the beginning of the story?


Who joins the mineral paint business with the Laphams ?


Who does everyone assume Tom is romantically interested in ?


Which of the Lapham girls is Tom really interested in ?


Who is Milton Rogers?


À qui les Lapham pensent-ils que Tom Corey est attiré?


Who does Tom Corey profess his love for ?


Who joins the Lapham s paint business in order to not rely on his father s support ?


Which of the Lapham s daughters is described as being more intelligent ?


Which of the Lapham s daughters is said to be the more comely of the two ?


Who is Milton K. Rogers ?


Who is Ridd ?


Who shoots Lorna during her nuptials to John Ridd ?


Who is the illegitimate child of King Charles II ?


Who did Lorna s necklace belong to ?


Who shoots Lorna in the church ?


Who becomes Lorna s guardian ?


Who realizes Lorna is not dead ?


Who does John fall in love with ?


Who is Lorna destined to marry ?


Who did Dr Bock fell in love with ?


Who was Barbara Drummond ?


Who initiates the death of two doctors and a nurse ?


Who interferes with the group while they are staying with Sophie Nicols ?


Whose house did Daniel break into ?


Who did the group stay with to keep a low profile ?


Who is Frank Zammetti ?


Who tied up the Chicago Mafia boss ?


Who owned the car ?


Who is the burglars leader ?


Who disrupts the groups stay with Sophie ?


Who is the under boss of the Chicago Mafia ?


Besides the Chicago Police and the Mafia , who else is after the group ?


Who helped them when they got several flat tires ?


Who offers them free drinks and hotel stay ?


Who are the four friends that wake up tied up ?


Who decapitated Phil ?


Who has to watch all their friends be murdered one by one ?


Who managed to escape ?


Who owns the shop ?


Who reluctantly agrees to the drunk propostition ?


Who is no where to be found when the group wakes ?


Who is tied up in the bathtub ?


Who decapitates Phil ?


Who do the sociopaths call themselves ?


Who is shown working at a gas station ?


Who burned down the orphanage ?


Who is secretly one of the Helpers ?


Which insects visited the cowslips for their survival ?


Which style of loosestrife has six short and six long stamens ?


Who does Jason inform about Marie s death ?


Who is Desh tasked with killing ?


Who intercepts Bourne s call to Landy ?


Who does Jason Bourne evade at the start of the story ?


Which character divulges the information of the audio taped confession of Ward Abbot ?


Whose office does Bourne find empty in Madrid?


À qui Bourne donne-t-il le fichier Blackbriar?


Qui Vosen avertit-il après avoir découvert le code de Landy?


Which body of water is Bourne swimming in at the end of the story?


Who does Bourne help Ross evade ?


What was Ross's source?


Who ran Treadston s Behavior Modification Program ?


Which two characters capture the Falcon while it is in the possession of Finn, Rey, and BB-8?


Which character has the missing piece of the map stored in BB-8 ?


Who is Ren s father ?


Who is Leia Organa looking for to help her with the resistance ?


Who fires and hits Ren after Ren kills his own father?


Whose death do Rey , Chewbacca and Leia mourn at the end of the story ?


Who is the leader of the Resistance ?


Who did Luke s lightsaber belong to before him?


Who is the last remaining Jedi?


Who is Kylo Ren's father?


Qui tue Han Solo?


Who invade Han China ?


Who goes after Mulan to protect her instead?


Who is the leader of the huns?


Who captures the emperor?


Who does Mulan give the sword and coat of arms to?


In Mulan s family, who would fulfill the conscription notice?


Who runs Mulan s training camp ?


Qui est la soeur jumelle d'Imar?


De qui est Marva la reine?


Qui était tombé amoureux de Dariel?


Who is the story narrated by?


Who helps George save Dariel and his father?


Who does Marva plan to kill?


Who is George Cranleigh s father ?


Qui aide George à sauver Dariel et Imar?


Who does Marva plan to wed to her son?


Who is the queen of Marva from?


Who is the prince of Sur Imar?


Who is George Cranleigh's father?


Who is Marva?


Who saved Dariel and his father?


Who saves the two cousins ​​when they are trapped?


Whose property do Benjamin Bunny and Peter Rabbit sneak onto?


Who saves Peter and Benjamin?


À qui Peter donne-t-il les oignons?


Who saved Peter and Benjamin from under the basket?


Who left the house with Mr. McGregor?


Qui a reçu les oignons de Peter?


Who is locking Ben out of the house?


Who is killed when the truck explodes?


Who locks Ben out of the house after the truck explodes?


Who saved Ripley from the facial huggers?


Who is Newt?


Who did Meg Altman initially contact on the phone before the line was cut?


Quel intrus a aidé Sarah et Meg?


Who breaks into Meg?


Who is captured by Iraqi soldiers after being separated in the minefield?


Qui aide Conrad, le chef et Archie à éviter d'être capturés après la séparation du groupe dans le champ de mines?


Who is all shot and killed while rescuing Troy?


Who calls Troy when he is held by Iraqi soldiers in a bunker?


Au départ, qui les parents d'Augustin voulaient-ils qu'elle épouse?


Who encourages Theodore and Augustine to become lovers?


Who does Theodore fall for after becoming unhappy with his wife?


Who dies of a broken heart ?


Who is Théodore de Summervieux?


De qui Théodore tombe-t-il amoureux?


Who is Madame Rogiun?


Who was Augustine supposed to marry?


Who married Joseph Lebas?


Who is the winner of the previous 20 years?


Who is killed in an attack?


Who won the Twenties as the story begins?


Who won the Twenties before Brandd and wants him to join a mission to the planet Dis?


Quand Lea, Brandd et Ihjel arrivent à Dis, qui est tué?


Qui Brandd rencontre-t-il après les matchs?


Who insists that mike move in with him?


Who are Mike and Psmith looking for a way to pacify?


Who is following Bickerdyke?


Who doesn't approve of people going to pay for cricket?


Who's furious about Mike and Psmith's retirement?


Who was the antagonist of this story?


Who carried the Pan Am space plane?


Qui était à l'appel visiophonique avec le Dr Floyd?


Who were on board the Discovery One spaceship?


Who is HAL ?


Who Maverick fails to seduce in a bar?


Who wins the best driver at the end of his studies?


Who is Duke Mitchell in relation to Maverick?


Between Goose and Maverick, which one is the most cautious in flight missions?


Qui fournit à Maverick les informations qui soutiennent sa conviction que l'accident de son père n'était pas la faute de son père?


Who escorts Cougar to the aircraft carrier when it freezes during a training mission?


Who gets sent to Top Gun school with Maverick?


Who calls Maverick's engagement with Jester as an example of what not to do?


Who was killed in a botched drop during a training exercise?


Which of the Top Gun instructors flew with Maverick's dad?


Qui remporte le prix du meilleur pilote lors de l'obtention de son diplôme de l'académie Top Gun?


Who said, we call him Lightnin because he didn't?


De qui Lightnin 'Bill se vante-t-il de conseiller?


Who claimed to be a judge, inventor, detective, and bee keeper?


Who is asking for the divorce?


Qui veut acheter l'hôtel?


Who helps Lightnin ' Bill win back his wife s love ?


Who is a civil war veteran?


Who did Lightnin 'Bill brag about advising?


Qui a aidé Lighnin 'Bill dans son cas au tribunal?


Who helped Bill win his case?


Qui est Keisha?


Who gives Lucky his recording equipment?


What event sends Poetic into a spiraling depression?


Dans quelle ville Justice, Lucky, Lesha et Chich se dirigent-ils lors de leur road trip?


Who stays on the road trip?


Qui est Keisha?


Who s house does Justice live in and how did she get it?


WHO ARE THE MAIN CHARACTERS OF THE STORY?


WHO SAVES TWINKLE AND CHUBBINS FROM THE DOG?


WHO WANTS TO MAKE OTHER BIRDS THEIR SLAVES?


Who are Twinkle and Chubbins' new neighbors?


Who retrieves the children s picnic basket?


Who saves the children from the hunting dog?


Qui reste presque coincé à mi-chemin lors de sa transformation en humain?


Qui sauve Twinkles et Chubbin des chasseurs?


Who kills the hunter's dog?


Who helps protect children and take them to safe places?


Who is the Billy sisters boyfriend?


Who gets stabbed in the studio?


Who can't speak?


Who does Billy work for?


Who can Billy communicate with?


Who else besides her sister does Billy tell her story too?


Who is the undercover detective?


Who said Billy had to be killed?


Qui a tiré sur l'ange?


What places did Dr. Crump threaten to put the angel?


Qui croit que l'ange vient d'un autre monde?


Who is buried in the cemetery at the end?


Who is trying to save the violin?


Who turns Louis into a vampire?


What does the boy who is interviewing Louis want?


What are the names of the young girls who bite the state?


After Louis is captured and locked in a coffin , who saves him ?


Qui a enlevé Louis, Claudia et Madeleine?


Who freed Louis from the coffin?


Who was Claudia convinced Louis would leave her for?


By whom were Madeleine, Claudia and Louis abducted?


In the end, who did the boy try to find in the hopes of making a vampire out of him?


Who was locked in a coffin?


In what city did Louis live?


Who tried to kill Lestat in Louisiana?


Who testified to the midwife about the strange things that happened?


Who confronts the pastor about unusual events?


Who did the schoolteacher suspect had prior knowledge of local problems?


Who did the doctor humiliate?


Who did they find the doctor with at night?


Qui épouse Eva?


Who disfigures Dr. Westlake?


Who is the first person Dr. Westlake impersonates ?


Qui est la petite amie du Dr Westlake?


What is the name of the man who destroyed Dr. Westlake's lab?


Who has Strack collaborated with throughout history?


Who is Westlake impersonating for revenge?


Who is Jack sleeping with?


Qui est le petit ami d'Anna?


À quels funérailles Jack assiste-t-il?


Who does Brumby think is behind Frank's death?


Who does Doreen have to have sex with?


Who told Fletcher about Jack and Anna s relationship ?


Who is stuck in the sports car as it falls into the river?


Who kills Jack?


Doreen is implied to be whose daughter ?


Who does Jack work for?


Who is Jack Carter?


Who were the leaders of the crime?


Qui ira en Amérique du Sud?


Who is Jack's brother?


Who killed Frank?


Who killed Jack?


Who calls the hitman?


Who is responsible for telling the story of Michael Schuyler's latest getaway?


Who tries to to bribe him not to write anything?


Who does he claim to be influenced by?


Qui s'enfuit?


Qui récupère le mariage?


Whose love letters does Stew give Anne?


Which ambassador are the Schuylers hosting a reception for?


Who offers the bribe to Stew?


Since Emmeline is an orphan, who supported her?


What is the name of Lord Montreville s son who fall in love with Emmeline ?


Avec qui Augusta, la sœur de Lord Delamere, épouse-t-elle?


Who does Emmeline marry?


Qui soutient Emmeline?


Who is Lord Delemare ?


Who is the Croft Family?


Qui est Augusta?


Who is Lord Montreville s son ?


Who does Emmeline marry ?


Qui est la soeur de Godolphin?


Who abducts Emmeline ?


Who is Augusta related to ?


Who was the exiled African dictator the CIA wanted to assassinate ?


Who are the three agents sent to take down Bourne ?


Who was the agent who assassinated Wombosi ?


What was the name of the man who sent agents to kill Bourne?


Who is the director of the CIA who decommissioned Operation Treadstone?


What is the profession of the men who rescue the unconscious American ?


Dans le combat entre Bourne, Marie et Castel, qui meurt?


Who planted a body in the Paris morgue ?


Qui tue Conkin?


At whose home in the French countryside do Bourne and Marie take residence ?


Qui tue Conklin?


Which mercenaries are alive when they reach Earth?


Who kills the Marine ?


Qui a été cloné sur l'USM Auriga?


Who is revealed to be an android ?


Who, along with Wren, dies when an Alien embryo bursts through Wren s rib cage?


Who was cloned by miltary scientists ?


Who was Call ?


Qui a pris l'appel en otage?


Qui a tué Wren?


Who set Auriga on collision course with Earth ?


Who revealed Seluchi had a bomb on the Mayflower One?


Who got married at the end of the story ?


Who marries at the end of the story ?


Who narrates the story?


Qui force Rabina à revenir?


Who is believed to be Robert s father?


Who does Robert believe he is ?


Who s appearance does Gill-Martin assume ?


Who raises George ?


Who has taken domination over Robert s life ?


Who is George to Rabina ?


Who is believed to be the father of Rabina s son Robert ?


Who is Rabina s son George raised by ?


Who do witnesses say murdered George ?


Qui est le compagnon de Robert qui semble être le diable?


Who does Robert believe he is at one point when he s delusional ?


Avec qui Tatyana était-elle mariée?


When Lensky invites Onegin to Tatyana s name celebration , who does he say are invited ?


At Tatyana s name celebration , with whom is Onegin annoyed ?


Who is Olga Larina ?


Who does Eugene inherit this from ?


Who is Lensky s fiance ?


Who falls in love with Eugene?


Avec qui Eugène commence-t-il à flirter?


Who is killed in the duel?


Who does Eugene see years later ?


Who does Tatyana choose to be with?


Who owns the junkyard?


Who is the protagonist of the story?


Who becomes a professional baseball player ?


Quel nom a été dédicacé sur la balle spéciale perdue par-dessus la clôture?


À qui Smalls prend-il la balle, après que Benny a frappé la peau de sa dernière balle?


Qui a signé le ballon qui remplace celui qu'il a perdu?


Avec qui Scotty a-t-il déménagé dans la vallée de San Fernando en 1962?


Who is the team captain at the sandlot ?


Who is Clarice Starling sent for interview?


Which training program is Clarice pulled from at the beginning of the story?


Who is Clarice assigned to interview?


Qui est enlevé par Buffalo Bill?


What was the name of the man who unsuccessfully applied for a sex change operation ?


Which of the brother s kills the local Auxillary police chief responsible for their parents ' deaths ?


Which of the Bielski brothers sought recognition for their actions?


Who does Zus join when he leaves the Jewish camp?


Who killed the survivors parents?


Who ordered their parents killed?


Qui tue Tuvia?


During the winter , which country refuses to help when it was discovered the Germans are about to attack ?


Who falls in love with Thorne ?


Who does Thorne unite with at the end of the story?


Who is the heroine?


Who does Thorne work for?


The US Secret Service were trying to bring justice to who?


Qui a développé une arme secrète?


Who is trying to prevent the signing of this pact?


Who does Grimm fall in love with?


Who does Isabel Thorne work for ?


Which organization did Grimm work for, according to the story?


Who does Isabel fall in love with in the story?


Who made Zeus send down a lightning bolt?


Who is the former king of Thebes?


What kind of head does Agave think she is wearing?


Who dresses Pentheus as a woman?


Who does Pentheus want arrested?


Who, in the initial story told by Dionysus, orders Zeus to send a bolt of lightning on Semele?


What is Pentheus original plan, which Dionysus dissuades him of?


Who killed Pentheus?


Quel est le nom de la ville dans laquelle Cadmus et Harmonia mèneront une horde barbare?


Qui est le fils d'Agave et Cadmus?


Who does Barry meet that works with his sister?


Who extorts Barry?


Who is Lena Leonard at the beginning of the story?


Rain causes casting to move which way along an incline?


Which one of Neil McCauley s crew did n't take any part in the bank robbery ?


Who killed the first guard of the armored car theft?


Qui est le seul membre de l’équipage de McCauley qui n’a pas été tué?


Who was behind McCauley's crew ambush when they went to trade the bearer bonds?


Who does Neil McCauley hire to help him and his crew steal $ 1.6 million in bearer bonds from an armored car?


Who is the original owner of the bonds stolen from the armored car that Waingro helped steal?


Who is the LAPD lieutenant investigating McCauley and his crew?


Where does McCauley meet Eady, with whom he begins a relationship?


Qui arrête McCauley sur l'autoroute avant de l'inviter à prendre un café?


Who does McCauley recruit to his crew after Trejo withdraws from the flight?


Qui est détenu dans un refuge de la police et menacé de poursuites pénales si elle ne trahit pas Shiherlis à la police?


Who does Hanna find unconscious in his hotel room from an attempted suicide?


Who does Hanna watch die after mortally wounding him?


Qui est Nate?


Who is Nate suggesting that McCauley sell the bonds to?


Who does Vincent Hanna work for?


Who is Lauren?


Who is Trampas au Virginien?


Who made the Virginian after the filming of Tampas?


Quel membre de la famille de Molly a accueilli le couple chaleureusement?


Who is the main character of the story?


Quel est l'intérêt amoureux du Virginien?


Qui est Trampas?


Who is the actual Virginian?


Who was Charles charged with murder?


Who is Danny Parker?


Who lost their noses by sniffing too much gak?


Who wore a bulletproof vest during the drug trafficking turned massacre?


Who is Tom Van Allen?


À qui le voisin Danny raconte-t-il l'histoire de sa femme?


Who saved the protagonist from the fire?


Who killed Danny's wife?


Who saves Danny from the fire?


Who does Danny put the meth syringe in?


Who killed Pooh Bear?


Who's stalking Danny?


Who damaged their noise by sniffing a lot of meth?


Qui est Colette?


Who's leading the FBI to the wrong place?


Who does Cal forbid from dating his daughter?


Who discovered the photos of Jessica?


Who is the first daughter of Cal and Emily?


Who teaches Cal to go get women?


What heart is Robbie trying to win?


Who are Hannah's parents?


Who confesses being in love with Hannah?


Who did Emily cheat with?


Who was Robbie's crush?


Who is really drawn to Jessica?


Who gave Jessica advice on attracting Cal?


Who is the Earl of Salisbury?


Who sets the theater on fire?


Who is the queen?


Who does William Cecil blackmail Edward De Vere to marry him?


Whom is the mother of James VI of Scotland?


William Shakespeare is accused of murder by whom?


Qui est la femme d'Edward de Vere?


Who claims to write Vere's plays?


Who betrays the intentions behind the pre-training of Richard III to Robert Cecil?


Who does Jonson take credit for for writing Henry V?


Who is killed after discovering Shakespeare s plays are written by another person?


Who wrote the dream of a summer night?


After surviving an attack, who works as a crisis counselor for an abused women hotline?


Who's making a videotape to warn people that someone is in danger?


Who is the Ghostface killer?


Who is killing Roman?


What part of the body is Roman shooting at Sidney?


Who ultimately kills Roman?


Who does Dewey offer to?


Who wants where Sidney is?


Who is Ghostface?


Who is killing Roman?


Who drops off the videotape that Randy made before his death?


QUI A TUÉ HENRIQUES?


Who is the antagonist of the story?


Who is Prester John?


What evidence convinces subscribers that Laputa's claims are real?


Who summons the legend of Prester John?


Qui est le riche invalide?


Who dies in combat?


Who summoned Bunny after his release from prison?


Which character is wounded in the war?


Which character died during the war?


Which character is presumed to be drowned in the first story?


Which collection was the first story part of?


What collection was the second part of the story originally collected from?


Which character dives overboard while on an ocean voyage and is presumed dead?


Who is summoned to the house of a rich invalid?


Who is the rich invalid?


Which war do Raffles and Bunny volunteer for?


Quel personnage principal meurt au combat?


Which character is wounded, but does not die, in the Boen War?


Which character is serving a prison sentence?


Who was the FBI agent negotiating with Israel's lawyer for immunity?


Who shoots slaves on bail?


Who shoots Acosta?


Who promises to bring Sparazza Ace s heart?


Which assassins were hired by Buzz?


Quel déguisement Soot a-t-il utilisé pour s'échapper de l'hôtel?


Who is president of the United States at the end ?


During which President s administration is the story set in?


Qui écrit l'histoire?


Quelle guerre a eu lieu pendant cette histoire?


Who was the character who rallied the city to form the Organization of Youth?


Who is the president for the duration of the story?


Who is the narrator of the story?


Who let the Jamesons up to their house in Linnville?


Who yelled, Fire, when he saw smoke coming out the Liscom s chimney?


Who let the Jamesons stay with them?


Qui a vu de la fumée et a crié, Feu?


Who does Mrs. Jameson accept as her son-in-law?


The message in the bottle told them to save who?


Who gets malaria on Lincoln Island?


Who kidnaps Ayrton?


De quel pays atterrissent-ils à plusieurs milliers de kilomètres à l'est?


What is the real identity of Captain Nemo?


Qui est le frère d'Isabel?


Qui boit du flacon?


Who does Pierre kill at rush hour?


Who is Glen Stanley engaged to?


À qui est fiancé Pierre Jr au début de l'histoire?


Qui rejoint Pierre et Isabel lors du voyage à New York?


Who takes over Saddle Meadows after Pierre s mom dies ?


Who is Pierre Glendinning, Jr. engaged to?


Qui accompagne Pierre et Isabel à New York?


When Peter's mother dies, to whom does she leave the estate of Saddle Meadows?


Who gave Pete the Viagra?


Qui est Catherine pour Joseph?


What type of team does the player who hit on Debbie play on?


Who wakes up from hyper sleep?


Who woke up from hypersleep at the beginning of the story?


Qui le leader humanoïde a-t-il défié en combat unique?


Which village did Langdon teach at a school in?


What institute did Langdon work for in Rockland?


Who did Langdon get into a fight with over Elsie ?


Who did Elsie tell that she loved shortly before passig away ?


Who is this 17 year old student who is so quick to anger , strange and shuns mingling with other studens ?


Who is Silas Pickman?


Who is the student who dropped out of school to earn some money as a teacher ?


From who s perpective is this story being told . ?


Who is Nimmie Amee ?


Who found the Tin Woodsman after he rusted in the forest?


Qui est le capitaine Fy-ter?


Who is Nimmie Amee married to now?


Who is Ku-Klip?


Who enchanted the Tin Woodman s ax?


Who is Nimmie Amee ?


Who gave Tin Woodman a new heart?


Who travels to Gillikin Country with the Tin Woodman ?


Who lives in Yoop Valley ?


What is used by Whoop so that he , the Tin Woodman , the Scarecrow , and Polychrome can escape from Mrs. Yoop ?


Who restores Scarecrow and the Woodman to their rightful forms ?


Qui dit au Tin Woodman et au Tin Soldier où vit Nimmie Amee?


De quelle couleur est la grenade fumigène que lance Lance et qui a des conséquences inattendues?


What nationality was the photojournalist who praised Kurtz s leadership?


Kurtz laisse tomber la tête coupée sur les genoux de Willard?


Who kills Kurtz with the machete ?


Who is chief attacked by further up the river?


Who is Willard brought before in the camp?


Who does Willard take by hand and lead to the boat?


During which war does this story take place ?


Who demands for Chef to call in an airstrike on Kurtz ' compound if they do not return ?


Who assigns U.S. Army veteran Williard to terminate the command of Colonel Kurtz ?


Who commands the navy PBR ?


Who was sent on a similar mission to that of Willard six months before him ?


Who meets the surviving crew members of PBR when they arrive at Kurtz s outpost ?


Who was Pino ?


Who did Pino did'nt like ?


Who hit Sal ?


Who was blamed for the death of Radio Raheem ?


Which of Sal s sons likes Jade s brother ?


Qui a regardé ce qui se passait dans le quartier depuis son domicile?


Who set the the pizzeria on fire?


Which DJ dedicated a song to the man killed by police ?


Who does Mookie live with?


Who is Tina ?


Qui est-ce que Falco embrasse à la télévision nationale?


Who was replaced by Falco?


Qui les joueurs de Sentinel ont-ils nargué?


Which players were arrested at the bar ?


Who was tackled right before the Sentinels ' first game ended ?


Who is the owner of the Sentinels ?


Who stated the discovery of future ?


Between which factors did wells started distinguish with ?


Quels adjectifs bien attribue-t-il au premier?


Quels deux facteurs ne sont pas possibles?


Which part of human behavior complicates the problem ?


Susannah a mutilé le nom en le transmettant à qui pour qu'il soit baptisé Tristram?


Which character is described as gentle , uncomplicated and lover of his fellow man ?


Which two characters have opposite temperaments ?


Who incorrectly transmitted the name to the parish priest?


Who is Beverly married to ?


Who does Beverly hire to be a cook and janitor for Violet?


Who is Mattie Fae?


Which of Violet s daughters inherited her mean streak ?


Who accidentally dies during the interrogation ?


Who was Archibald Tuttle ?


Who does Jill Layton look like?


Qui est obsédée par Ida?


Who is driving the trailer ?


Who does Jill Layton look like ?


Who does Sam speak with at Ida s party about his transfer ?


Who is the rival that contributes to Blank s depression?


Who is Blank's therapist?


Qui est la secrétaire de Blanks?


Qui est la chérie du lycée de Blanks?


Who is Martin Blank s main rival?


Who is Marcella ?


Who is Martin Blank s high school sweetheart?


Who is Martin Blank s assassination target in Michigan?


Qui quitte Grosse Pointe avec Martin à la fin?


Who tried to kill Martin in the convenience store ?


Who was Martin s high school sweetheart ?


Who does Lieutenant Saavik go on a simulated rescue mission to save ?


Who attacks the USS Enterprise during the simulation ?


Which event caused the change to Ceti Alpha V s orbit ?


Who does the tyrant blame for the death of his wife?


Which crew member helped the Enterprise escape Genesis?


Qui est David par rapport à Kirk?


Which ship do Chekov and Terrell, under mind control, capture for Khan?


Which crew member sacrifices himself to fix the warp drive and save the rest of the crew ?


Who eventually activates the Genesis Device ?


Qui se tue au mépris du contrôle mental des anguilles au lieu de prendre la vie de Kirk?


Qui est le gardien des rêves?


Who wakes up from a pond at the beginning of the story?


Who is chosen as the new guardian ?


Who does Pitch kill ?


Who threatens the children of the world?


Who escapes with the final piece of the crown ?


Who hides the final piece of the crown?


Who encouraged Balor to build the Golden Army ?


Who wants to unite the three pieces of the crown?


Qui attend l'arrivée de Hellboy, Liz et Abe?


Who challenges Nuada for the crown?


Who is brought before the Angel of Death?


Who ordered the construction of the Golden Army?


Who is Roger St Luke s girlfriend?


Who did Hobbes first infest with the parasite?


Who is the first person Hobbes implants the parasites in?


Qui découvre le travail sur lequel Hobbes travaillait?


Who is nurse Forsythe?


Comment St Luc bat-il le gardien qui l'attaque au sous-sol?


Qui est Ricky Tan?


Who is affected in the case of the United States killed. Custom agents?


Who heads the US secret service in history?


Who shoots Ricky Tan?


Who did Carter see acting suspiciously on Tan's boat?


Who is the ex-detainee who manages a gambling operation in his Chinese restaurant?


Who does Tan stab to death?


Who is behind the criminal operation?


Who faked his death?


Who dies when a time bomb explodes?


Who was suspected to have some involvement in the death of Chief Inspector Lee s father?


Who does Mike pretend to be?


Who does Mike pass the ball to before chasing Scarlet again?


What son does Mike pretend to be when he returns to high school after being turned back into himself at 17?


Par qui Alex est-il victime d'intimidation à l'école?


Who does Mike have to move in with after him and his wife seperate?


Qui transforme à nouveau Mike en lui-même de 17 ans?


Who does Carl make up with in the end?


Qui joue Carl Allen?


Who are the friends that Carl ignores at first?


Who did Marilyn really fall in love with in the end?


Who was Gus Petch?


Who's testimony guarantees that Marilyn will lose the divorce case against Rex?


Who does bonnie hire and for what?


Who does Miles hire to kill whom?


Qui était Howard Doyle?


Who threatened to kill himself if Bobby left?


Who gets a haircut when Bobby arrives at the family estate?


Qui Bobby essaie-t-il de convaincre de s'enfuir avec lui?


Who is Bobby making love to?


Who does Bobby start a fight with?


Qui intimide Robert?


Who is blamed for the Children s mother getting the rich woman s jewelry?


Who is Robert intimidated by?


Who is the closest out of the children to the Psammead?


Quel surnom les enfants appellent-ils leur petit frère?


What is the wish of the game warden to meet the children's maid?


Qui Adam Verver épouse-t-il?


Who is Maggie for Adam?


Who does the prince marry?


Who is Maggie's father?


Who is Charlotte marrying?


Who does Amerigo have an affair with?


Who buys the gold bowl?


Who is going to America with his wife?


In which living room did Prince Amerigo meet Charlotte?


Who invited John Berlin to invite the Eureka police force?


Who s roomate was Helena?


Qui est Amber?


What murder is Berlin arrested for?


Qui tire sur Berlin?


Who invites John Berlin to come to California?


Who is the FBI agent interrogating John Berlin?


Who's arrested for Ross's murder?


Who is the killer pursuing through the Institute?


WHO IS HARRY S DEBT COLLECTOR?


WHO DO THE ANCIENT GARY AND DEAN SHOTGUNS DO?


WHO DOES TOM BUY ANTIQUE SHOTGUNS FROM?


WHO IS RORY BREAKER THREATENING TO ADDRESS EDDY S?


WHO'S DOG AT EDDY?


Who kills Dog?


Who does Eddy's group sell the stolen drugs to?


Who are Harry's debt collectors?


Who wants the antique shotguns up for auction?


Who raised money to participate in a high stakes card game?


Qui a dirigé le jeu de cartes à enjeux élevés?


Who does Barry hire to steal antique shotguns?


Who do Gary and Dean sell the shotguns to?


À qui le groupe d'Eddy avec Nick aide-t-il à vendre de la drogue?


Who guards the gate of Hades?


Who will judge the resurrected?


Who did the Greeks believe to be the judges of the underworld?


Who is being held in Hades?


Who decides if a soul is punished?


Which direction are the unjust sent?


According to the Greeks, who decides the fate of a soul?


Who resides in Hades?


Who are the righteous and the unjust brought before?


Who does Amelia receive a large sum of money from?


Who marries Amelia?


Who seduces William?


Who seduces William while he is imprisoned?


Who did Kaufman order executed for helping Mulligan start rebellion among the poor?


Who sponsored dead reckoning?


Who are the group supervisors sent to recover esteem?


Who Ends Up Disabling Dead Reckoning Weapons?


Who leaves after being bitten by a zombie for revenge?


Who designed Dead Reckoning?


Who is the ruler of the sanctuary?


Qui travaille étonnamment pour Kauffman?


Who led the poor people to safety?


Who ruthlessly rules the city?


Who designed the armored vehicle?


Who threatens to destroy Fiddler's Green?


Who bites and kills Manolete?


Who does Hal accuse of being corrupt and unfair to the workers?


Whose rights does Hal dedicate his life to fighting for ?


Qui Hal décide-t-il qu'il aime à la fin de l'histoire?


Who does Hal have a confrontation with at the end of the story?


Who is Joe Smith?


Who is a workers rights fighter whose father works in the mine and drinks during the day?


Who do the bosses appoint as weight checker, the job Hal wants?


After Hal is arrested, who does he accuse of being corrupt and unfair to workers?


Who does Sylvia fall in love with?


Who is Sylvia marrying?


Who saves Kinraid's life?


What is the name of the coastal town in which the story begins ?


Who does Sylvia come to the conclusion that she is in love with?


Who does Sylvia secretly engage with?


Who saw Charlie Kinraid forced to join the Royal Navy by a press gang?


Who does Lambert agree to save his fiancé?


Who does Lambert meete at the garden party?


Who is Strether attracted to Paris?


Who does Strether s fiancĂŠ send to Paris after Strether does not return with her son?


Who was Lambert Strether fiancee?


Who was Mrs. Newsome's son?


Who was Little Bilham?


Who was Sarah Pocock ?


Qui était Marie de Vionnet?


Who was at the hostel with Chad?


Who is Charles having an affair with ?


Who fell in love with each other and had plans to marry ?


Who is Eugenie s father?


Who arrives on Eugenie s 18th birthday?


Who does Eugenie give all her money to?


Who did Eugenie get engaged to after Charles?


Who does Eugenie Grandet eventually marry?


Which of Dom's team members did his father help recruit?


Who falls into limbo?


Who hires Cobb for the inception job?


Which character is described as a con artist?


Who is the projection in Cobb s subconscious ?


Qui est-ce que Sidney voit Ghostface tuer après avoir tué les deux officiers?


Who murders Maureen and Phil ?


Qui tente de mettre en scène une confrontation entre Sidney et Cotton?


Who gets hurt at the party at the sorority house ?


When the press arrives, where does Sidney direct them?


What is the name of the officer who arrives at Windsor campus to help Sidney?


What happens to the cops who drive Sidney and Hallie to the police station?


Who was Debbie Salt?


Who is scheming to free the queen from prison ?


En la possession de qui les lettres brûlées ont-elles été retrouvées?


Who are the two characters involved in the duel at the beginning of the story ?


Who visits Deruelede and advises him not to try and save the Queen ?


Who rescues Deruelede and Juliette from their death sentence ?


Who are Mr. Dashwood s three daughters ?


Who does Marianne fall in love with ?


Who falls in love with Marianne ?


Who is Lucy Steele secretly engaged to ?


Who does Lucy Steele end up marrying ?


Which sister almost dies after getting caught in a torrential down for?


Who does Willoughby carry home after they fall?


Who does Edward marry ?


D'après le codicille, à qui appartenait Orley Farm?


De qui Sir Peregrine est-il tombé amoureux?


Who was Felix Graham engaged to ?


Qui est Lucius?


Who is Lucius Mason s older brother ?


Who does Lucius Mason intend to marry?


In the beginning of the story, who dies?


According to the Joseph s codicil , who receives the Orley Farm ?


Which tenant does Lucius ask to leave Orley Farm ?


Who is Felix Graham engaged to ?


Who falls in love and proposes to Lady Mason ?


Qui est brièvement fiancé à Lucius Mason?


Which cardinal received the Fire brand ?


Who does the video reveal to be behind the scheme ?


Who was the oldest among the orphans ?


Who has rapped and impregnated his own daughter ?


Who is Mr. Arthur Rose ?


Who assists Homer with Rose s abortion ?


Who teaches Homer his trade in obstetrics and abortions ?


Who is the man that takes pitty on Rowland and rebukes the mother of the girl he rescued ?


Who is the protagonist of the story ?


Who is the story about ?


In which branch of the military did Anthony serve ?


Who was Anthony Patch s wife ?


Which war did Anthony serve in ?


Which disease did Anthony suffer with ?


Which novel is referred to in this one ?


Which branch of military service did Anthony serve in ?


Who is Anthony Patch ?


Who does Holbrooke turn out to really be ?


How does Dick reacted when the whole story is revealed ?


Who does Dick take with him to retrieve the stolen money ?


Who is Holdebrooke ?


Whom does Dick Kanipsia hitch a ride from?


Who hid the money for Harry Moss and Fenaka ?


Who was performing at a London pub as a drunk crashed a mirror ?


What did the man who was hanging below a bridge and was rescued by Anton spit out when brought back to life ?


After Valentina offers to give her soul to Mr. Nick , who does Mr. Nick offer to trade Valentina for ?


When Mr. Nick challenges Parnassus to collect five souls before him , who wins the first soul ?


Who does Valentina marry ?


Whose soul will Nick gain in three days?


Qui épouse Valentina?


Who killed the captain and the skipper?


Who found Jerry in the sea and delivered him to land ?


Qui a détruit le village dans lequel vivait Jerry?


Who was Jerry s brother ?


Qui possédait Jerry avant qu'il ne soit donné au capitaine Van Horn?


Who wanted to use Jerry for a local sacrifice?


Who recognized that Jerry was a dog of Mr Haggin?


Who was Jerry s brother?


Who is the Minister of International Development ?


Qui aide Malcolm à truquer les détails du PWPPIP?


Who is the source of intelligence used to originally support intervention?


Avec qui Toby trompe-t-il Suzy?


Which two countries were hinting at war with the Middle East?


Qui a divulgué le PiPPW?


Who helped Malcolm make up details about the PIPPW?


Who wants to give up the mission?


Qui est le seul survivant de la mission spatiale?


Who was Dr. Jemmy Fox in love with?


Who do people think is involved in the theft of the body?


Who turned down Dr. Fox's request to meet?


Who is the only person that is able to find out the truth?


Who is the Squire of Perlycross?


Who is in love with Inez?


Who has any idea of ​​the mystery of the theft of graves?


Who sided with Dr Fox?


Who has fallen in love with Dr. Fox ?


Who never liked Dr. Fox ?


Who first claims to have a clue about the robbing of Sir Thomas Waldron s grave ?


Who's the way to finally prove that Dr. Fox is innocent?


What does the man the first witness claims to have seen at the grave have with him?


Avec qui Ouisa est-elle mariée?


Qui se présente chez Ouisa et Flan?


Whose son does Paul claim to be?


Who does Paul claim to be a close friend with?


Who did Paul claim to be the son of?


Who in the family did Paul claim to be friends with?


De qui Paul dit-il qu'il est le fils?


Avec qui d'autre Paul a-t-il vécu?


Who was Bella Swan's boyfriend?


Who was Jasper?


Who was Alice?


Who were the Volturi?


Who saves Bella when she jumps off the cliff?


Who's trying to kill Bella at her 18th birthday party?


Who do the werewolves rescue Bella from ?


Who saves Bella after jumping off a cliff?


Who are the Volturi?


Who ousted the middle class by bankrupting small businesses?


Who is recognized and respected as a pioneer and martyr?


Who conquered Asia and won their own empire?


Who were the mercenaries really employed with?


Who are the biggest monopoly trusts?


Who is building the Asgard public works?


What planet was once not accessible?


Who makes the lens?


Who are the only people who can make The Lens?


Who is fighting the North American presidential election?


Who are the Lensmen taking the drug to?


Who is Virgil Samms?


Which drug ring do the Lensman track back to North America?


Who else are the Lensmans recruiting for their cause?


Who ultimately wins the presidential election?


Who do Emil and Oleg kill first?


Who was Honey?


Qui est Rose Hearn?


Who kills Oleg and Emil?


Who arrived in America early in history?


Who is trying to get Warsaw's attention to the scene of the burnt down apartment?


Who is Oleg trying to be by taking a video of everything?


Who hits Robert at the end of the story?


Who sees Emil murdering his former partner?


Who does Emil get the address for the escort service from?


Who is the host of Top Story?


Who does Henry fall for in Chekhov's play?


Who is Henry returning to?


Who is Henry's wife?


Who does Geoffrey Delamayn send for his date with Anne?


Who has severe physical illness and suffers from a paralytic stroke in a major stroke?


Who is the cook-housekeeper Geoffrey and Anne meet at the secluded chalet?


Who ultimately saves Anne from the house when she raises the alarm?


In the final scene, who does Lady Lundie discover to take priority over her in the family?


Who thought Anne and Arnold were married?


Which character is about to be disinherited?


Which character finds out he has a serious physical illness?


Who is the whites' fiancé?


Qui est le beau-frère de Lady Lundies?


Which character represents the south of England against the north?


Which character is the cook-housekeeper?


Which character turns out to be a murderer?


Which character suffers a stroke near the end of the story?


Which character turns out to be Lady Lundies enemy?


Who did Geoffrey try to reject Anne to?


Who appeared to the owner and Bishopriggs as male and female?


Who got the best score on the aptitude test?


Who kidnaps Cliff?


Who is arrested?


Who raised Bamm-Bamm?


Who got the best score on the aptitude test?


Who kidnaps Cliff?


Qui est le cadre supérieur de Slate and Co.?


Who was raising Bamm-Bamm prior to the adoption?


Who gets the highest score on the aptitude test given by Cliff?


Who is the only witness that can clear Fred of the embezzlement charges?


Who does Cliff kidnap and offer to trade for the Dictabird?


Who are the twins on board?


Who is just being studied?


Why didn't the commander talk to people on the radio as soon as he understood who they were?


How do the people who remain reproduce?


Which spaceship is damaged by a solar flare?


Who becomes Gérard's son at the end?


Who became Gérard's son?


Who is his parents' favorite child, between Gérard and his two brothers?


Who is Gérard married to?


Who encourages Gérard to resume a normal life?


Who was Margaret Brandt?


Qui a envoyé une lettre à Gérard en Hollande que Margaret est morte?


Who wants to have Holmes' child?


Who does Sherlock Holmes designate as his lover?


Qui travaille à la construction d'un sous-marin de la Première Guerre mondiale?


Who comes to inspect the new weapon?


Who are the monks?


Who is caught out of the water and then taken to Baker Street?


Who ordered the destruction of the submarine?


Who led the English to King Solomon's mines?


Who is King Ignosi of?


Dont le cadavre gelé a été retrouvé dans une grotte?


Who killed King Twala?


What army are the English joining?


Quel corps ont-ils trouvé gelé dans la grotte?


Who are they looking for in this adventure?


Who is the legitimate king of the Kukuanas?


Which island of people did Challenger study to theorize the earth will be poisoned?


Who did Challenger ask to come to his house?


Who were the people locked in a sealed room?


Who beats Kroenen?


Qui capture Hellboy, Liz et Myers?


Qui a finalement refermé l'Ogdru Jahad?


Who helped the Nazis build a dimensional portal off the coast of Scotland?


Who is Hellboy?


Who stabs Hellboy?


Les Alliés sont originaires de quel pays?


À quelle guerre cette histoire fait-elle référence?


Who does Jackie invite in the family photo?


Who has to prove himself to Anna and Ben?


Who are Jackie and Luke Harrison?


Who was taking care of Ben when he finally disappeared?


Qui a fini par emmener Anna au concert de rock?


Qui a eu l'idée d'emmener Anna au concert?


Who reveals Babe s true identity to deeds?


Who speaks up on Deeds ' behalf at his sanity hearing ?


Who does Cedar bring from Mandrake Falls to testify at Deeds' hearing?


Who does Longfellow Deeds inherit money from?


Who is John Cedar ?


Who is helping Deeds to regain his fortune?


Qui est le protagoniste de cette histoire?


Qui hante la bibliothèque de M. Vane?


Who are the Little Ones ?


What do children who DO grow up turn into ?


Who is the oldest of the little ones?


Contre qui Vane mène-t-il les Petits dans une bataille?


Qui tue Lona?


Who must Vane s grandfather battle?


What are the children called who never grow up ?


Who does Vane have to sleep with to help the kids?


Qui tue Lona?


Who haunts Mr. Vane's library?


Who is the protagonist of Lilith?


Who sleeps in the bed house?


Who is forced to fight with skeletons?


Who is the princess of Bulika?


Qui tue Lona?


Qui gouvernera l'univers à l'avenir?


Who has long held the belief that a messiah was coming to lead them to safety ?


Who is the traitor in House Attreides ?


Who does the Fremen rescue from deep in the desert following the attack and fall of the Atreides ?


Who killed Baron Harkonnen?


Who does Paul kill?


Who controls the spice industry?


Qui ordonne que Paul soit tué?


Qui était prêt à trahir le duc Leto au sein de la maison Atréides?


Who are on a fishing trip?


Who catches Kale and his best friend Ronnie spying on her ?


Who breaks into Turner s garage with a camera?


QUI EST RONNIE TO KALE?


WHO WAS THE GIRL KALE SPIED ON?


Who is Lebot and what does he do with Marie ?


Who is killed by Harry and Ernest ?


To which city does Marquis decide to move his family , to support the King ?


Who is Marie s fiance ?


Who captures Marie in the marketplace?


Whom does Harry rescue from being beaten in the street ?


Whom does Harry marry after passing his medical exams?


Who invites Harry to live at his chateau in France ?


Who kills the Demon Wolf that has been terrorizing the communities around the chateau ?


Who recognizes Marie in the marketplace and has her arrested ?


Who does Harry save from a beating in the streets ?


Who does Harry end up marrying ?


This story satirizes the history of which continent ?


Who are the inhabitants of Penguin island ?


Who baptizes the auks ?


Who is known as Draco the Great ?


Who murders the farmer ?


Who is the first humanon the island ?


Which historical saint visits the island?


What physical maladies does the missionary who first finds the island suffer from ?


Besides Captain Kopeiken, who else did the townspeople accuse Chichikov of being?


Who intervenes for Chichikov and helps him get a pardon ?


Who are the dead souls?


Who does Tentetnikov wish to marry ?


Who intervenes to obtain Chichikov's forgiveness?


Who wants to marry Asta ?


Who lured Eyolf down to the sea ?


Who is Eyolf ?


Who is Astar ?


Who visited Allmer household?


Who follow Rat-wife?


Who married Astas ?


Who did Rita blame for Eyolf s leg injury ?


Who did Alfred blame for Eyolf s leg injury ?


Who was stabbed ?


Who were released along with Marcus?


In which city did the explosions go off?


Who is Darryl?


Out of Marcus and Darryl , who was freed by the DHS first ?


Qui tient Marcus et ses amis à interroger?


Who is the leader of the sect?


Who finally opens the puzzle box near the end ?


Quel est le nom des entités hédonistes qui torturent les gens qui les appellent avec la boîte à puzzle?


Qui est Winter LeMarchand?


Who are the Cenobites ?


Who abused Amy in her childhood ?


Who is the leader of the Cenobites?


Who does Amy summon after she opens the box?


Who is the leader of the cenobites?


Who founded The Deaders?


Who did Amy murder ?


Who is Winter?


Qui est le secrétaire italien?


Who does Dr. Evil use to try to defeat Austin Powers?


Avec qui Austin Powers se marie-t-il?


Who tried to kill Austin Powers?


Who is Austin Powers' wife?


Which of the vicar's family members has been falsely declared dead?


On whose land is the new Parish the family move to ?


Who saves Sophia from drowning?


Who did Squire Thornhill plan to deceive with a fake marriage?


Who does Arabella marry?


Whose house is on fire?


Qui tente de faire parler Cléopâtre et Antoine, mais n'y parvient pas?


Who does Serapion think Cleopatra is in love with?


Qui se bat Antoine avant de mourir?


Who is Ventidius?


À qui Anthony appartient-il légitimement?


Quelles armes ont dépassé toutes celles vues par Seaton et les Osnomiens?


Who is Seaton's millionaire sponsor?


What planet is the Skylark Three built and equipped on?


Which colony of people does Seaton destroy in the end?


Who does Seaton assume he's dead near the end?


Qui attaque Seaton et Craine?


Qui capture Seaton?


Who is presumed dead at the end of the story?


Who allies with DuQuesne to find a more informed species than the Osnomians?


Who attacks Seaton and companions near the Green System?


Who is Seaton's millionaire sponsor?


Who invades Osnome?


Qui est devenu le premier président noir d'Afrique du Sud?


Which team was known as the All Blacks?


Who was Captain of the Springboks?


Who is Angelo Dundee?


In their second fight, in which round does Clay knock out Liston?


À qui Ali a-t-il perdu le premier combat de sa carrière?


At the end of the film, who did Ali defeat to win back the heavyweight championship?


Who named Cassius Clay, Jr. Muhammad Ali?


Who beat Ali to regain his league title?


What event occurs on the 21st of the month?


Who produces the music of his breath?


Who does Santa Claus bring home with him to the North Pole?


Who is the girl in the rainbow?


Who was Botton Bright?


Who was Polychrome?


Who did the king like?


Who took Button Bright with them to the North Pole?


Who was Polychrome?


Who built the sand boat?


Who was celebrating their birthday?


Who did Button Bright go home with?


Who received permission to stay in the Land of Oz?


At the end of the story, who is in charge of the casinos?


Who is Remo Gaggi?


Who is Ginger having an affair with?


Who does Ginger still love after marrying Sam?


Who was Ginger?


Who was Remo Gaggi?


Who was Ginger having an affair with?


Who is Harley feeding her pocket watch to?


When walking home, who meets Harley?


Who discover Harley and Edwards as they approach the village?


Who does Harley find out he's getting married?


Who does Harley confess her love to?


Who does Harley cry for in Bedlam?


Who does Harley meet on the way to London?


Who gives Harley a letter of introduction to take to London?


Who is Mountford for?


Who initially put Andrew on treatment?


Who stole the jewels from the corpses?


When Andrew tells Sam about his mother's death, who does she start a eulogy for?


Who are the gravediggers Mark and Dave in Andrew?


Who put Andrew on treatment throughout his adult life?


Who did Andrew open up to for pushing his mother child and sadly leaving his paraplegic?


Who is Elle's boyfriend?


Which teacher berated Elle?


Which teacher restored Elle's self-esteem?


Who is the main character of this story?


Who was the class's elected lecturer in law school at the end of the story?


What advice prompted Elle to sue Warner after his first breakup with her?


Who finally confesses to the murder of Brooke's husband?


Who intends to propose to Elle at the end of the story?


Who uses Pascal as a case study?


With whom does Clotilde have a romantic relationship?


Which family does Pascal use as a case study?


What has Pascal developed that could potentially extend life?


Who is Clotilde?


Who is Aunt Dide?


Who is Antoine Macquart?


Who takes William under his wing?


Who is William contacted?


Who did the group hire?


Who kicked Penny out of her hotel?


Who were the conflicts between?


Who insults Penny?


Who leaves the group?


Who buys a ticket for Morocco?


Whose child prodigy is this story?


Who is the publisher of Rolling Stone?


Who does William interview to set the record straight for his first Stillwater article?


Which of Dr. Pipt's creations helps Ojo in his quest?


Which of Ojo's assistants contributes to the antidote by donating a part of himself?


Who runs Winkie County?


Who runs the yellow Winkie Country?


Who Restores Unc Numkie and Dr Pipt's Wife?


Who oversees the reconstructed city?


Who owns the store?


Who is Carnegie's mistress?


Who traps Eli in the cave?


Who are Eli and Solara having tea with?


Who oversees the city Eli arrives in?


Who is Claudia?


Who initially found Eli's Bible?


Where is the group of people who are trying to save the arts?


Who is the first to find what Eli protects?


Who runs Ivanov's estate?


Who pounces on Ivanov?


Who shoots Ivanov?


Who goes to see the Lebedevs?


Who confronts Nikolai about his unfaithful behavior in Act III?


Who accuses Nikolai of marrying Sasha only for her dowry?


Who does Ivanov marry after Anna's death?


Who confronts Ivanov about the way he treats Anna?


Who does Ivanov spend time with instead of Anna?


Who shoots Ivanov?


Who informs Ivanov about his wife's illness?


Who is Charlie Vincent for Nick?


What is the counterfeiting scheme that Sato went to New York to disrupt?


Who kills Japanese gangsters in a New York restaurant?


Who is the hostess of the American nightclub who helps Nick and Charlie?


Which of the characters is tortured in the underground parking lot?


Who's investigating Nick?


Who told Nick he was duped by impostors?


Who is planning a massacre?


When Morpheus offers Neo the choice between the red pill and the blue pill, which one does he choose?


What phrase is repeated on Thomas' computer screen?


Which pill did Neo ultimately choose?


Who is the Oracle?


Who gets caught on purpose to allow Neo and the crew to escape?


What is the name of the agent who leads Neo's apprehension at his office?


Qui fait la proposition de tuer Morpheus?


Who kills Neo before they can leave the Matrix?


Who shoots Dr. Crowe?


Who is the patient Dr. Crowe believes needs to be helped to regain his life?


Qui est le premier fantôme que Cole décide d'aider?


Who is a child psychologist in Philadelphia ?


Who appears in Crowe's bathroom?


Who is Cole's mother?


Qui se rend compte qu'il est réellement mort?


Who does Crow think he failed?


Sur qui Vincent tire-t-il?


Who does Cole see next to his car?


Who is Kyra's mother's next expected victim?


Who tells Seymour about Enid's prank call?


Who believed their peace and personal safety was in danger?


Who has sworn to preserve, protect and defend the Constitution of the United States?


Qui rencontrerait une réponse ferme et énergique s'ils prenaient les armes contre le gouvernement?


Who wanted to enforce the law on runaway slaves?


Which political party has agreed to allow each state to determine slavery laws?


De quel groupe Ford Fairlane a-t-il un flashback?


Who was the lead singer of the band?


Who collapsed and died on stage?


Qui Ford a-t-il été engagé pour traquer?


Qui aurait un lien avec la mort de Black?


Who aided and abetted Fairline ?


Qui faisait du contrebande de musique?


Which persons star was the third disk hidden under ?


Qui engage Ford Fairlane pour traquer les pétales de Zuzu?


Who is Jazz to Ford?


Who had one of the three data disks?


Who had the second of the Data discs?


Who hires Ford Fairlane?


Qui était le responsable du disque impitoyable?


Who kills Cuervo?


Where are people sent who break moral laws?


Who does the President send to L.A. to retrieve the remote to the Sword of Damocles ?


Who convinces Utopia to defy her father and steal the remote ?


Who patrols the streets ?


Who is Utopia s father ?


Who knows the secret code to black out the country ?


Who saves Utopia from the city ?


Who order s Snake s execution ?


Who shuts down the world ?


Who is Jeffrey Aspern ?


Who is Miss Tita/Tina ?


Who is Jeffrey Aspern ?


Who has the letters from Jeffrey Aspern ?


Who catches the narrator going through Juliana s desk ?


Who was Jeffrey to Juliana ?


Who is Bartley married to ?


Who does Bartley have an afair with ?


Who asks Bartley to come to Canada ?


Who is Winifred to Bartley ?


Who is Bartley s mistress ?


Who walks Hilda back to her house in the fog ?


Who calls Bartley to Canada to inspect the bridge ?


Who expresses their envy of Winifred ?


Who is the Principal of the high school where the Prom is being held ?


Who is blamed for Robin ' death ?


Who is investigating the escape of Leonard Merch ?


Who is the first to die on Prom Night ?


Who , as it turns out , is doing the killing at the Prom ?


Who is Leonard Merch ?


Who is the school principal ?


Who is watching Jude and Slick while they are in Slick s van ?


Who turns out to be the killer ?


Who is the killer ?


Who was Alex s twin ?


Who does the killer think Lou is ?


Who s name does the killer cry out at the end ?


Who killed Peter ?


Whom do people believe killed Peter ?


Which religion does Oliver want Jasper to convert to ?


Who reveals the truth about Peter s death ?


Who is Peter to Rosamund ?


Who does Oliver befriend on the Spanish ship ?


Who helps Oliver return to England ?


Who does Oliver find has taken control of Pennarow ?


Who married Rosamund ?


Who is Rosamund s guardian , who shares Peter s hatred for the Tressilians ?


Who kills Peter , Rosamund s brother ?


Who frees Oliver , his friend Yusuf , and the rest of the slaves from the Spanish ?


Who is Jasper Leigh ?


Who is Tugg captured by ?


Who is Tugg s agent ?


Who steps on the land mine and is blown up by it ?


Whose perspective is the story of Tropic Thunder told from ?


Qui est torturé à l'usine d'héroïne?


Which of the main character was a drug-addicted comedian ?


Who is the comedian that has a drug problem ?


Who is cut in half by Obi-Wan Kenobi ?


Who is the Trade Federation s secret advisor ?


Who did Queen Amidala make a vote of no confidence against ?


Qui est l'apprenti de Qui-Gon Jinn?


Qui est l'apprenti de Qui Gon Jinn?


Who is the ruler of Naboo ?


Who is Watto's slave?


Who is Darth Sidious's apprentice?


Who wins the podrace?


Who sends Jedi Master Qui-Gon Jinn and Obi-Wan Kenobi to negotiate with the Trade Federation?


Qui-Gon saves being killed on Naboo?


Qui-Gon, Jar Jar, R2-D2, and Amidala meet when they go to Watto's store for ship parts?


Qui se présente à l'appartement de Fergus le forçant à faire une autre mission?


Who does Dil say will not allow her to kill Fergus when she has the gun pointed at him ?


Who tells Fergus to find Dil if they die?


Who is killing Maguire?


En qui Apollo Creed se déguise-t-il?


Qui a subi les blessures aux côtes et les saignements internes?


Who won the fight, and by what decision?


Quel boxeur a eu une hémorragie interne à la suite du combat?


Who was knocked down first in combat?


Who was Rocky's iconic combat trainer?


Who does Rocky ask during the fight?


Who is the heavyweight world champion?


Who does Rocky work for?


Who did Mickey Bergman want to add to Joe's crew?


Who became the last member of the flight team?


What is the last name of the person who didn't blow up the getaway car?


Whose nephew tried to run off with Moore s wife ?


Who makes up Joe's team that stole the New York jewelry store?


Who claims to be a guard when they try to steal the plane?


Quelles couleurs de peinture étaient autorisées par les pères de la ville?


Who gives David the remote?


Which character is painted naked?


Where was the TV repairman all this time David and Jennifer or in Pleasantville?


Who is the subject of the nude painting that is displayed at the soda store?


Who is Betty Parker leaving her husband, George Parker for?


Which character chooses to stay in Pleasantville at the end of the story?


Who is the last person in Pleasantville to become colored?


What state does Jennie move into after giving birth to her daughter?


Who is Jennie s daughter?


Who is Kane getting married to?


Who takes care of Kane until his death?


Who is Vesta?


Who does Lester finally marry?


Who is Letty ?


Qui adopte Anne?


Who is Anne's best friend?


Who is the rival of the Ann'es class?


Anne receives the Avery scholarship for being the best student in which subject?


In the story, who are Marilla and Matthew Cuthbert?


Who is Maria?


Who is the hitchhiker Harold and Kumar?


Who was Harold Lee?


Who was Maria?


Who was the hitchhiker that Harold and Kumar chose?


Who persuades Harold Lee to do his job?


Who does Kumar buy marijuana from?


Who saves Harold and Kumar?


Who does Hiccup confess his feelings for?


Who is an amateur playwright?


Who is Littlewit's stepmother?


Who is Cokes' servant?


Who marries Grace Wellborn?


Who is the justice of the peace?


Who throws up and calls her husband?


Who is Dame Purecraft to Littlewit?


Who ends up marrying Grace?


Who marries Purecraft?


Qui convainc Overdo de pardonner à tout le monde?


Who is the religious fanatic engaged to Lady Purecroft?


Whose identity is hidden as Trouble-All?


What men want to marry Miss Wellborn?


Who does Holly think Kit looks like?


Who finds Kit and Holly in the treehouse?


Who is Kit's friend that he and Holly are staying with?


Who marries Holly's defense attorney's son?


In which state is the town of Fort Dupree, where Holly is from?


Who finds Kit and Holly hiding in the treehouse?


Who is against the Dalai Lama and religion?


Who / What does the Dalai Lama consult to know where to go?


Who has a vision at the start?


Who claims Tibet is part of China?


Who does the Dalai Lama consult with to escape?


Who is the ruler of Tibet?


Who does the Dalai Lama meet in Beijing?


Who meet Zed and Oh on the mountain?


Who are Maya and Eema?


Who is Inanna for Zed?


Who Became the Ruler of Sodom?


What are the names of the girls who are captured for slavery?


Who sells Oh and Zed into slavery?


Who is the hunter in this story?


Who does Princess Inanna think Zed is?


Who killed Cain?


Who becomes a Sodomite soldier?


Who helps Sarah enter the labyrinth?


What animal does Jareth transform to after Sarah and Toby return home?


Who had detachable body parts?


Who does Sarah want to take Toby with?


Who is sending Sarah in the wrong direction?


Who does Sarah bring with her to fight Jareth in the castle?


Who transports Sarah to the realm of the goblins?


Who asks Sarah to obey him in the end?


Who is killing Dietrichson?


Who was Lola's boyfriend behind her?


What country is Neff going to instead of facing the gas chamber?


Who forces Phyllis to sue?


Who shot Neff?


Who was Lola's mother's nurse?


Who is posing as Dietrichson on the train?


Who is killing Dietrichson?


Who is the scientist approached by the emissaries of society?


What is the name of the scientist friend of Dr. Kelvin?


Who does Kelvin dream of?


Which of the two surviving crew members admits to being a replica?


Which son appears as a replica to help Kelvin?


Who owns the vegetable garden in this story?


What young rabbit is venturing into McGregor's garden?


According to the confessor, which French names are linked to the theories he is studying?


Who is the confessor of the story?


Who has the double interest of mythology and crocodiles?


Who does Hector Syr take on a helicopter trip?


Which of the characters shoots a crocodile with a tranquilizer?


Which of the characters detonates a crocodile with a grenade launcher?


Who feeds a cow blindfolded to the crocodile?


What weapon was fired at the crocodile on board the helicopter?


What city is the crocodile taken to?


With which nation does Barney forge a diplomatic alliance?


From which relative of Barney does he draw his luthan heritage?


Who held King Leopold prisoner?


Who is Barney mistaken for in Lutha?


Who is the main protagonist of the story?


Who is Barney mistaken for when he arrives in Lutha?


Who is accompanying Barney on his trip from Lutha to Nebraska?


Who are the minions attacking Barney at?


Who is ruling the kingdom right after the king's death?


Qui sert de compagnon de voyage à Curdie?


Who looks after the king while he is sick?


Who does Curdie meet after shooting a white pigeon?


Who is Lina?


Who is helping Curdie save Irene's father and his kingdom?


Who inherited the kingdom after Curdie and Irene died?


Who goes to Gwyntystorm with Princess Irene?


What event reminded Curdie of Irene's grandmother?


Who is Martin in love with?


Who is Will's father?


Jack's crew are on an island led by whom?


Who would Elizabeth and Will have allowed to escape execution?


Qui sert Will et Elizabeth à un mandat d'arrêt?


Who is Bootstrap Bill?


Who sinks with the Kraken?


Who is Captain of The Flying Dutchman?


With whom does Z change places?


Qui sauve Z de l'eau?


Which of the wasps is killed?


Which insect is killed by a human?


Quel est le nom du patron ivre du bar qui a parlé à Z d'Insectopia?


Qui Z prend en otage pour échapper à la colonie?


Qui Mandible envoie-t-il pour récupérer la princesse Bala d'Insectopia?


Who is Kelly's love?


Qui sont Abe et Eve?


Qui est l'intérêt amoureux de Kelly?


Who fight with Kelly on set?


Qui Kelly a-t-elle rencontré dans la limousine?


Who sees Kelly as he leaves the Limo?


Who is surprised to see Kelly and his Dad at the clinic ?


Who punches Kelly in the jaw?


Avec qui travaille Abe?


Who is Eve?


Who arrives while Kelly and Abe are watching television at the clinic?


Dans quelle station est la famille Pontellier en vacances?


Who does Edna make a connection with at the resort ?


Which country does Robert flee to ?


In which city does the Pontellier family live?


Who does Leonce speak with regarding his wifes mental state?


Who does Edna have an affair with ?


Who keeps in contact with Robert while he is in Mexico?


Who confesses his love for Edna ?


To which state did Leonce belong to?


Who is Edna s close friend with whom Edna spends most of her time with ?


Whom does Edna fall in love with at Grand Isle?


When Leonce is in NY, whom does Edna start having an affair with?


Who was Edna in love with ?


In which city did Diego overdose ?


Who is reveled to be Diego s father ?


Who won the role of main female in Chicas y maletas ?


When Lena was a secretary, who was her boss?


Qui s'est occupé de Diego quand il a quitté l'hôpital?


Which two men was Magdalena involved with ?


Who is with Harry in the bar when he celebrates his birthday at the end of the story?


Qui a saboté la sortie de Chicas y maletas?


Who is Diego s father ?


Qui est gravement blessé lors du naufrage?


Dan compares Bess to which star ?


Who does Tommy Propose ?


Who is bhaer s nephew ?


Which one of the boys goes to sea as the second mate on a ship ?


Who does Dan fall in love with ?


Who does Tommy propose to ?


Who seduces the Dude at his bungalow ?


Who is Jeff Lebowski ?


Who seduces The Dude ?


Who is the father of little Lebowski ?


Ultimately who was trying to get the ransom money from Jeffery Lebowski ?


Who is Caesar ?


Who spreads the virus via flight ?


Who kills Jacobs ?


Which park did Will bring Caesar to ?


Who is Caesar ?


Who does Will Rodman treat with ALZ-112 ?


Who is Dodge Landon ?


Who tried to salvage the submarine ?


Who is the foreman of the SEAL team ?


Who launches a warhead into the trench ?


Who is the foreman of Deep Core ?


Who designed the underwater drilling platform that the SEAL s used as a base ?


Which date in Poprishchin s diary makes it clear that he is crazy ?


Who does Arksenty begin to believe he is in the story ?


Who is Poprishchin in love with ?


Who is Sophie s father ?


Where does Poprishchin document his thoughts which show his increasingly present madness ?


Who is the low ranking civil servant ?


Who is the boss s daughter ?


Who opens the carriage door ?


Whose life do the letters provide an in depth view of ?


Who does Skip Tyler work for ?


Qui envisage de détruire l'Octobre rouge après que les Soviétiques pensent qu'il a déjà été détruit?


Why did the doctor who treated Natalia escape punishment?


Who does Ramius kill before leaving the shipyard at Polyarny ?


Who is Igor Loginov masquerading as ?


Who kills Captain Lieutnant Kamarov ?


Who are admitted into the waystation on a daily basis for processing ?


Qui est initialement désigné comme conseiller d'Ichiro?


Qui explique la situation aux personnes décédées?


Who was assigned to help Ichiro?


Who had Ichiro married?


Who has Ichiro assigned to another counselor ?


Who are the first two characters Boone encounters in Midian ?


Who is Boone s girlfriend?


Who s blood is Boon touched by in initiation?


Who killed Sheryl Ann ?


Who banishes Boone and Lorie from Midian?


Qui convainc le Nightbreed de se lever et de se battre?


According to Rachel, who hunted the Midian monsters to extinction?


During which war did Nico participate in covert operations ?


Who tortured the prisoners?


Qui était le partenaire de Nico?


Who calls Nico to warn him that he and his father are in danger?


Who is investigating Zagon's group?


Who recruited Nico to the CIA ?


Who is Nico s partner?


Qui veut tuer Zagon?


Who is killed in an explosion?


Nico worked for the CIA during which war?


Who is Jacks compared to Nico?


Who kills Zagon?


Who stole Lars Jorgensen s cattle?


En fin de compte, qui trouve Debbie en premier?


Who does Ethan give his Mexican medal to?


Who asks Ethan for an oath of allegiance?


Whose cattle is stolen?


Who does Ethan get a letter from regarding Debbie?


Who did Debbie become a wife for?


Who is killing Scar?


La quête de quel frère crée une révolution?


Which brother s quest is to gain money and power?


Who wrote The Robbers?


Which brother is considered the bad guy?


Which brother is most loved by his father?


Which brother quests for money and power ?


Which brother wants to create a revolutionary anarchy in the bohemian forest?


Who are Karl and Franz Moor?


Quel frère est le rebelle?


Which brother is the villain?


Who wrote Jules de Tarent?


Which brother is the favorite?


Who is the trapper?


Who helped find Ishmail's son?


Who was Inez held captive?


Who killed Asa?


Who buried the trapper?


What is the name of the Indian tribe that steals animals from pioneers?


Who wants to take Inez and Ellen as wives?


Who steals the animals of Ishmael?


Who is destined to become the wives of the Teton warriors?


Who was Asa's murderer?


Who forms an alliance with the Indians?


By whom were the letters written?


Qui a été arrêté par l'officier?


Who is the son of Orgon who catches Tartuffe with Elmire?


Qui livre le nouveau que la famille doit quitter la maison?


Who was Mariane engaged to before?


Who tells Orgon that Tartuffle is accusing him of a crime?


Who tells Orgon and his family they have to move ?


Who was arrested when Orgon decides to run away?


What is the condition of the trip to the cave?


Who discovered the manuscript?


Who wrote the manuscript that Lloyd finds?


Who does Drury meet at the start of the story?


How long ago are the events described by The Man-Who-Did-It?


Who leads the I-Am-Man through the cave?


Who wrote the manuscript Lloyd disvocers?


What does Drury call the man who reads his manuscript to him?


Who does Edward talk to first about his religious discontent?


Who is Edward Scrope?


Who is the first person that Edward tells about his unhappiness with religion?


De qui Edward garde-t-il toutes ces révélations?


Who wants to offer all of their wealth to help Edward build his new church?


Who is the Lord Bishop of Princhester?


Whom does Edward experience a vision of in the North Library of the Athenaeum Club?


Who else feels Shelby s 30 hours of pain?


Who was responsible for the murders of Eric and Shelly?


Qui rend une bague à Eric?


What is the mother of Darla the drug addict?


Qui est Darla?


What eyes does the crow peck?


Qui le sergent Albrecht rencontre-t-il en se rendant à l'hôpital?


Who does Eric send a jetty attached to a car?


Who is resurrected by the crow?


Who is killed by a morphine overdose?


Who shoots the crow when it enters the church?


À quelle école Cristina Moreno postule-t-elle?


Which of the Casky parents is more laid back and supports their children's mental well-being?


Qui découvre que Deborah a une liaison?


Who enrolls Cristina in a private school?


Which university is Christina Morena applying to?


Who is Flor Moreno to Christina Moreno?


Who takes Flor Moreno to meet the Claskys?


Who is Deborah Claskys mother?


Which of the Clasky s is having an affair?


Who does Flor fall in love with?


What life is Christina writing about in her application to Princeton University?


Who do the Glendenning boys fall in love with?


Who surrendered to Father Eustace?


Who threatens the monasteries?


Qui a gagné la bataille?


Which of the Glendinning brothers marries Mary?


Who would have taken Father Phillip's Bible?


Who helped the knight escape?


Who takes office after the resignation of the Lord Abbot?


Who did the boys from Glendinning fall in love with?


Which brother marries Mary?


Who took Father Philippe's Bible?


Who assists Sir Piercie to escape?


Who was in command of the squadron that Halbert joined?


Who allowed the monks to keep their monastery and their land?


Who is Freddie Miles at Dickie?


Qui a pensé que Ripley persuadait Dickie de retourner aux États-Unis?


Who did Ripley suggest to that Dickie was depressed and could have killed himself?


Who receives Dickie's inheritance?


Who discovers Ripley's deception in Rome?


Who ends up inheriting Dickie's fortune?


Which of Leo's parents is moving in with Mike and Jackie?


Who tells Kyle that Leo is supposed to be kept at home, not in the old people's home?


Who is definitely moving in with Mike and Jackie?


Who insists that Kyle move in with the Flaherty family?


Who shows up looking for Leo?


Who is Isabel Lahiri?


Who pays back the debt owed to Terry?


Who was involved in the story Rusty rekindled their relationship with, and why is that important to the story?


Why is the Ocean Group scrambling so hard to meet the demands of Terry Benedict, the owner of the robbed casino?


Why is Toulour setting up a scenario in which, if Ocean and his gang can pull something, he will pay their casino fees to Benoît?


Who's asking Danny's Oceans Eleven group to return the money he stole from the casino?


Which character is assigned to be the first questioned by the FBI agent?


Who did Danny and Rusty meet during the flashback sequence?


Who takes Lahiri to a refuge at the end of the story?


Who is Larsan's alter-ego?


Who secretly married Ms. Stangerson in the United States?


Who was originally charged with the attempted murder of Ms Stangerson?


Who appears at Darzac's trial and tells the court that the real culprit is Larsan?


Who is the main character of the story?


Who is Ballmeyer s alter-ego ?


Qui est assassiné lors de la deuxième tentative d'assassinat de Mathilde?


Who is Joseph Rouletabille taking with him to investigate the castle?


Which girl was found almost seriously injured?


Who does not offer any useful testimony after being beaten?


Who does Larson suspect hurt Mathilde?


Dans l'histoire, qui est assassiné?


Qui est accusé de tentative de meurtre?


Who cashed in the check that Peter wrote?


Who set the Initech office on fire?


Who ended up with the money that was stolen from Initech using the computer virus?


Which character unintentionally saves the day in this story?


Who is Luhmberg?


Which of the Initech employees did Peter assume Joanna had slept with?


Selon Gilbert, qui tente de kidnapper Tatiana?


Qui a été tué dans l'attentat de la librairie?


Who does Gilbert fall in love with?


Who is persuaded by whom to kill Claudius?


Where is Claudius taken next and by whom?


Who welcomes Claudius to hell and what do they do?


Who shows up in hell and claims Claudius is an ex-slave, and what job does he reassign Claudius to?


Qui parle contre Claudius lors de la session?


Who escorts Claudius to Hades?


Who greets Claudius when he arrives in Hades?


Who laughs at the failures of the emperors?


Qui Caligula prétend-il être Claudius?


To whom is death traced?


Who takes claudius?


Qui prononce le discours?


Who does Seneca Mock?


Who was the procedure initially favorable to?


Qui se moque de Claudius tout au long du drame?


Who escorts Claudius to Hades?


Who does Mercury convince to kill the emperor?


Who allows Claudius to gain an audience with the gods to justify himself?


Qui ruine la défense de Claudius avec une liste des crimes de Claudius?


Who greets Claudius on his arrival in Hades?


Who killed Gandhi?


Who did Gandhi support for the first Indian prime minister?


Who murdered Gandhi?


Who denigrates the Indians in India?


Qui a assassiné Gandhi?


Who is Roland supposed to be guarding ?


Who is Roland s love interest?


Who owned the dog that saved Roland from drowning ?


Qui a enseigné à Roland la foi romaine?


Who was thought to be Catherine, dressed like a man?


Who promised Queen Mary that he would work for her freedom ?


Qui a essayé de convertir Roland?


Who sent Roland to guard Mary Stuart ?


Who adopted Lady Avenel?


Who did Roland help in a street fray ?


Qui a été expulsé du monastère?


Which two men did the Queen want to make peace between ?


Who guarded the queen during the battle ?


Who did Roland end up marrying?


Who falls in love with Catherine Seyton ?


Who introduced Roland to Catherine ?


Who had been evicted from the monastary ?


Who did George Douglas protect ?


Who was killed by Sir John Foster?


Who succeeded in his claim as heir ?


Who did Roland marry ?


Who pursuaded Kayleigh and Tommy into child pornography ?


Who set a dog on fire ?


Who is shown as being a double amputee ?


Who was accidentally killed while playing with dynomite ?


Who did Evan pass on a street in NYC, almost 8 years later?


Qui souffre de saignements de nez sévères?


Qui est le colocataire d'Evan à l'université après qu'Evan ait résolu le problème principal?


Qui brûle le chien d'Evan vivant?


Who did Evan go to prison for murdering alternate timelines ?


Evan solves the main conflict by making it so he and who never became friends ?


Qui fait partie de la conspiration?


Who is led away in hand cuffs at the end of the story ?


Who is the third person, other than Carson and Stephanie, involved in the plot?


What was the therapist s name who comforts Kyle ?


Gudrun begins a love affair with who ?


Who does Ursula agree to Marry ?


Qui meurt de froid dans les montagnes?


Who does Gudrun begin an intense relationship with ?


Who has profound feelings for Gerald when he passes away ?


Who drowns at the party at Gerald s estate ?


Which sister does Birkin want to marry ?


Who is Gerald jealous of?


Who tries to kill Gudrun ?


Whom does Gudrun mentor ?


In which country is the setting of the story ?


Qui est capable de réunir le Dr Boekman avec son fils séparé?


In which way does Dr. Boekman further help a member of the Brinker s family at the end of the story ?


Who does Hans beg to treat his father?


Who does Hannah s husband have an affair with ?


Avec qui Lee vit-il pendant le premier Thanksgiving?


Who does Mickey go on a date with ?


Avec qui Holly a-t-elle lancé une entreprise de restauration?


Who becomes infatuated by Lee ?


Who is Elliot married to ?


Avec qui Holly crée-t-elle une entreprise de restauration?


Who does Holly end up marrying?


Who is Hannah married to ?


Who does Holly eventually marry ?


Which character turned into the Kothoga ?


Who was the homicide detective that investigated the ship s murders ?


Who is Dr Margo ?


Who is discovered to be the Kothoga?


Qui sait que Kate a bu au début?


Which of Kate s parents are an alcoholic?


Who throws Kate a surprise baby shower ?


After Kate was fired and relapsed , who drove her home from the bar ?


Who tells the group about the big pot market in Boston?


Qui meurt du cancer?


Qui appelle la police sur George quand il est à la maison pour rendre visite à sa famille?


Who introduces George and his friend to the marijuana dealer?


Who called the police to have George arrested in New England ?


Who helps George and Tuna make a lot of money in Los Angeles?


Who calls the police when George is arrested in New England ?


Instead of interviewing Strader, who do the detectives interview at the club?


Who murdered Joshua Straber?


Who was complaining about an illness and asking for the narrator s help ?


What creature guarded the Golden Palace?


Who was behind the bedroom door?


À quelle maison arrive le narrateur?


Who killed the dragon in The Mad Tryst?


Qui était le chauffeur de l'escapade pour le braquage de la librairie?


Who are Mr. Henry s accomplices for the heist at the factory?


Who robbed Bob s house ?


Who does Anthony meet at the motel where they are staying while on the lam?


Who are Applejack and Kumar?


Who does Bob accidentally shoot in the arm?


Who is Ughtred?


Who is Bettina compared to Rosalie?


Who gave Mount Dunstan a bad name?


Who is fighting Sir Nigel after trying to intimidate Bettina from leaving?


Who does Sir Nigel marry?


Who does Bettina fall in love with?


Who does Bettina insist on making repairs on Stornam Court?


Who whips Sir Nigel like a dog?


Who found Neville guilty of heresy after a trial?


Who are the two people who help save Neville?


Who killed Richie, after trying to deliver the serum to his family?


Who are Neville and Lisa treated for the disease?


Who betrays Neville and gives The Family access to his apartment?


Who is Lisa's brother?


Qui est le chef de la famille?


Who is Dante's best friend?


Who is Dante currently dating?


Who did Caitlin sleep with in the bathroom?


Who told Veronica about Dante s interest in Caitlin ?


Who is Dante's current girlfriend?


Who are the two drug dealers outside the Quick Stop?


Who was Dante s girlfriend in high school?


Who does Caitlin accidentally sleep with?


Who offers Dante a word of wisdom in the Quick Stop after attempting to shoplift the store?


Who is Caitlin Bree?


Who does Innocent Smith plan on eloping with?


Who created the high court of Beacon?


For whom does Inglewood confess his love?


Who is Smith shooting at?


Who recommends that the case be reviewed by the high court of Beacon?


Who represents the defendant?


Who does Smith manage to get away with?


Who is Gray the paid companion to?


Who does Inglewood declare his love for?


Who is Smith shooting at?


Who is Smith's attorney?


Who identifies Mr. Smith?


Who does Innocent plan to run away with?


Who does Inglewood say he loves?


Who does Michael Moon reconcile with?


Who is Innocent shooting at?


Who serves as the prosecution?


Who is Ozias Midwinter's stepfather?


Who was Allan's mother's maid?


Who does Allan marry at the end of the story?


Who is transcribing Allan s deathbed story?


Qui est censé lire la confession d'Allan?


Who plans to assassinate Allan?


Who is in love with Lydia?


Who takes the box?


Who later moves into the house?


Who ends up with the box?


Who is Larry?


Who came to subject Frank to the extremes of sadomasochism?


Who sells the box?


Who finished with the box at the very end?


Who killed Larry?


Who held back Kristy as she tried to escape the cenobites?


Who is Larry for Frank?


Who was Julia having an affair with?


Who is Kristy?


Who came to help Kristy escape when the house collapsed?


Who did the King meet at Berkeley Castle?


Who witnessed the king's death?


Who ordered Mortimer's death?


Who wants to exile Gaveston?


Who does Isabella take as a lover?


Who is killing Edward?


Who ends up taking the throne in the end?


Who is to be executed for the murder of the king?


Who becomes the lover of Isabelle, the queen of France?


Who are the two nobles who persecuted Gaveston?


Who is Edwards' brother?


Who is killing Gurney?


Who takes the throne at the end of the play?


Who was Conner's adopted daughter?


Who is the observer overseeing the sanctuary?


Who saves Duncan from the sanctuary?


Who Duncan sees at Connor's loft?


Who did Roy lose his car to in a bet?


Who is Roy s caddy at the US Open?


Who are Roy and Simms competing against?


Who is Roy's best friend?


Who requests a golf lesson?


Who helps Roy with his game?


On the last day, who are Simms and Roy tied with?


Qui est responsable des événements mystérieux?


Which part of the Go-ahead caused a heated discussion within the Weldon Institute?


What musical instrument can we hear playing in the skies around the world?


When the members of the Weldon Institute, who had been held captive by Robur, escaped, what changes did they make to the go-ahead when they returned to Philidelphia?


From whom is Frank Pentangeli trying to defend his Brooklyn territory in 1958?


Who does Pentangeli agree to testify against?


Who is killing Rocco?


Qui est le partenaire commercial de Vito?


Who is killing Rocco?


Who does Michael order to assassinate Fredo?


What funeral does Michael attend?


At the end of the story, who was Michael Corleone sitting with by the lake in the family compound?


Who is Don Ciccio?


Who is Carmela in Vito Corleone?


What war is planned?


Who is William?


What house did Emperor William descend from?


Who invaded London?


Who is the chief of the armies in London?


Which legal systems are differentiated?


Which foreign country's army invaded London?


Quelle guerre cette histoire prédit-elle?


Who does the hero inevitably end up socializing with?


From whom do the three laws of robotics protect humans?


Who is the co-founder of US Robots and Mechanical Men?


Who was holding Calvin captive?


Who does Sonny think he has a dream about?


What is in place to protect humans from the humanoid robots that serve them?


Who is the co-founder of U.S. Robots and Mechanical Men (USR)?


Who threw Lanning out of the office window when he died?


Who is Pete Dayton?


Who did Fred meet while searching the desert cabin?


When they check Mr. Madison's cell, who do they find?


Who cut Fred Madison's throat?


Who is Dick Laurent really?


Who had died according to a message on the intercom at Fred Madison's house?


Who is Fred's wife?


Chez qui Fred et Renée ont-ils assisté à une fête?


Who is Eddie's mistress?


Who does Alice reveal to Pete that Mr. Eddy is?


Who housed Lady Lovel and Anna while Lady Lovel struggled to prove the validity of her marriage?


Who is trying to assassinate Daniel Thwaite with a pistol?


Who is the Solicitor General proposing that Lady Anna marry?


Who was Lady Anna in love with?


Who is the main character's father?


Who was Lady Lovel s only friend?


Who is Frederick Lovel?


Who is Anna Lovel engaged to?


Qui est le père de Daniel?


Who is Lady Lovel trying to kill?


Who marries Anna Lovel?


Who grows up to be the strongest and biggest bull in Ferdinand's pasture?


Who becomes the biggest and strongest bull?


Who happens to see Ferdinand the Ferocious?


What law has contributed to extending the protection of fixed works?


What act protected only original works?


Which section of the law details what cannot be protected by copyright?


Which author category would include the Harry Potter novels?


Which section of the Copyright Act 1976 is considered to be most relevant to the history of federal copyright law?


Who courts Rhoda in the story ?


Who is Edmund Widdowson?


Whose baby is Rhoda holding at the end of the story?


Avec qui habite Rhoda?


Who hires a detective to spy on Monica?


What does Everard ask of Rhoda, which she refuses, when visiting her in Northumberland?


Who becomes an alcoholic to deal with being odd ?


Who is the father of Monica s baby ?


Who does Paul end up having an affair with?


Who is forced to sleep on the sofa?


Who leaves home to go to college ?


Who is Laser going to ask to find his sperm donor father?


Which of the mothers begins an affair with Paul?


Who suggests to who about moving in and raising the children together?


Qui avait un style de vie bohème?


Who does Ms. Ray consult to vouch for Rowan?


Who is Rachel Ray s widowed sister ?


Who is Luke Rowan ?


Qui est Dorothea Prime?


Who takes an interest in the local brewery ?


Who is Rachel Ray getting engaged with?


Who tells Mrs. Ray to end Rachel Ray s engagement ?


Who gave his blessing to Rachel and Luke s engagement ?


Après avoir libéré Luke Rowan de leurs fiançailles, avec qui Rachel Ray finit-elle par épouser?


Who does Mrs. Prime try to court ?


Avec qui Luke Rowan a-t-il un différend?


Who are the three beggars ?


Who is Attwater ?


Who is the very religious man ?


Quel homme récolte des perles?


Which man tried to drown himself ?


Who did the U.S. Consul employ to take over the ship ?


Who says Go , and sin no more ?


Which of the 3 beggars operating out of the Tahitian port of Papeete was formerly an American sea captian?


Who does the US Counsel hire to take over the schooner carrying champagne that has veered off course ?


Which of the 3 beggars operating out of the Tahitian port of Papeete was once a failed English businessman ?


Who is leading the research team that is experimenting on the Tesseract ?


Who frees Loki from S.H.E.I.L.D . in an attempt to reason with him and return with him to Asgard ?


Who intercepts the nuclear missile that is sent in to destroy Manhattan ?


Which object is used to shut down the generator to the wormhole ?


Who saves Stark from crashing into the ground after he falls out of the wormhole ?


Who kills Coulson ?


WHOSE FAMILY TAKES ORPHANED PAULETTE IN ?


WHO WAS THE FIRST TO BE BURIED IN MICHEL AND PAULETTE S SECRET CEMETARY ?


WHO ELSE WAS BURIED IN THE SECRET GRAVEYARD ?


WHOSE STOLEN CROSS WAS MICHEL S FATHER UPSET OVER ?


Who meets Paulette as she is traumatized ?


Who comes to take paulette ?


Who destroys the crosses ?


Who ends up going to Red Cross camp ?


Who was the antagonist that broke their promise to Michel ?


Besides Michel , who else at the camp does Paulette cry for ?


Who destroys the crosses ?


Initially , who did the father think stole from his son s grave ?


Who comes to take Paulette away from the Dolle ' Family ?


Who does Martha help to prepare for her night with Patrick ?


Who is Patrick ?


Who does Patrick ask Martha to shoot ?


Who does Martha tell Lucy she was living with in the Catskills ?


Who was chasing the Phoenix ?


Who helps David and the Phoenix find buried treasure ?


Who does David encounter when he reaches the summit of the mountain ?


Who does the Phoenix and David meet first on their journey ?


Who captures the Phoenix and David ?


Who does David meet when he returns home ?


Who was the Phoenix hiding from ?


Who is the friendliest of the 3 races ?


What happens to the non magical who stay in the magical world too long ?


Qui Dorothy voit-elle dans l'arc-en-ciel à son approche?


Who do Dorothy and Toto meet in Oz first who gives them directions ?


Who did the wand belong to Dorothy finds in the castle?


Quelle baguette Dorothy et Toto voient-ils sur la table?


Who rules Candy Country ?


Which person is Beverly s first known murder ?


Quelle victime Scotty a-t-il vu Beverly tuer?


Who appears to be a typical suburban housewife ?


Who murders Carl with a fireplace poker ?


Who was to portray Beverly ?


Qui est Racer X révélé?


Who is the head of the corporate crimes division?


Who gives Speed the invitation to the Grand Prix ?


Who was supposedly killed racing in the Casa Cristo 5000 ?


Who is the Royalton Industry owner that tries to hire Speed Racer ?


Who is Racer X?


Who wins the Grand Prix?


Who is the head of the corporate crimes division that helps Speed ​​Racer take down Royalton?


Who is the gangster who insults Tommy, causing him to be buried in the upstate?


Quelle compagnie aérienne a été volée à la fin de 1967?


Who takes Henry under his wing?


Who insults Tommy?


Whose car do they use to hide Billy s Boddy ?


Who turns in Henry and Jimmy ?


Who does Henry testify against?


Who kill Tommy and Jimmy because Tommy was insulted?


Who is Henry s mistress ?


Who is Vada?


Who is Vada's best friend?


Who does Vada want to run away with?


Sur qui Vada écrit-il un poème?


Who is Thomas J. Sennett?


Who is Vada's best friend?


When Vada is overcome with emotion at Thomas J's funeral, who does she turn to?


What are the two exceptions to Princess Ozma's rule that prohibits magic?


What land does not use money?


Who did Ruggedo want revenge on?


Who is Bini Aru?


Qui a déclaré que personne ne pouvait pratiquer la magie à l'exception de Glinda et du sorcier?


Who confronts Kiki Aru about the theft of the old man's gold?


What anniversary do they celebrate in history?


Who introduces Donnie to the mobsters?


Which man of fortune did Lefty owe money to?


Who does Donnie Brasco work for?


Who becomes the new bonano street boss after the old one is killed?


Who ordered the police raid on Sonny Black s club in Miami?


After Sonny Black becomes the new crime boss, who does he ask Donnie to kill?


Who is Bruno?


Qui est Richie Gazzo?


Lequel des hommes faits est-il redevable de l'argent par Benjamin?


Who took care of Dominick's family while he was behind bars?


Which agent was supposed to join the Mafia in Miami?


Who did Georgie have a hard time forgiving?


Quel personnage a une déficience cognitive?


Who is teaching Georgie to read?


Which play does Georgie play?


Who does Georgie suspect to be her real mother?


In which yard is Georgie trying to plant her rosebush?


Who helps Georgie learn to read?


Who abused Georgie when she was a child?


Who is George temporarily placed?


Who is trying to help in finding the antivirus disk?


Who is Simone tied for the Oscar with?


Who is accused of Simone's death?


Who was arrested for the murder of Simone?


Who does Stephen think gets what he wants in the perfect jerk?


Who are the Bloom brothers?


Who is their regular accomplice?


Who is the target of the brothers' final con?


Who is Penelope?


Qui tombe amoureux de Penelope?


Who is killed in an explosion?


Who pulled off the perfect con?


Who pretends to be George to pass the time?


Who is the good for nothing momma s boy ?


Who pretends to be Georges?


Who does the painter claim to be?


Who are Oscar s God parents?


Who is obliged to return to Paris?


Who does Oscar engage with?


Who does Oscar try to pass himself off as?


Qui a perdu sa voix lors d'un spectacle?


In which opera does the ghost live?


Who loses their voice during the first performance of Faust?


Who did Deborah steal the wallet from?


Who is Deborah in Wolfe?


Who tells Deborah that Wolfe forgot his lunch?


Who is Wolfe's cousin?


Qui dit à Debroah que Hugh n'a pas de nourriture pour le déjeuner?


Who is Kirby s son ?


À qui Deborah a-t-elle volé le portefeuille?


Who reads Hugh's incarceration in the newspapers?


Who follows Pamela to London?


Who does P.L. travel to Los Angeles to work with?


Who invites P.L. to come to the Disney office near the end of the story?


Which two soldiers are eventually flown home by helicopter?


Who really causes Elias death after Barnes shoots him?


When Taylor attacks Barnes at the base, who comes out injured and how?


Which soldiers are killed by a trap in a bunker?


Who breaks the fight between Elias and Barnes?


Who was instrumental in the death of Elias by North Vietnamese soldiers?


Qui le peloton voit-il se faire tuer alors qu'il sortait des arbres?


Which soldier is used as a translator in the village where the weapons are found?


Who is the most successful superhero in town?


Who does Lance recommend should be released?


Who forms the group to prepare for Casanova and his team?


Who is annoyed with Sphinx?


Who is Casanova hostage?


Who overlooks the superhero team that includes the Shovelor?


Who is threatening to leave Captain Amazing due to the city's lack of crime?


Who is fighting Casanova to save Monica?


Who is the main antagonist / villain?


Who did Honorine run with?


Whose parents adopted Honorine?


Avec qui Maurice est-il marié?


When Maurice was young, what job did he have, and with who?


Who was Count Octave supposed to be married to?


Who was Maurice a secretary to?


Who is the protagonist of this story?


Par qui Jeanne d'Arc est-elle capturée?


What life is the play based on?


Who does Joan fall in love with?


Who wrote a novel based on a line of the play?


Who captured Joan?


Quels deux groupes se réconcilient?


Whose life do the events of this story revolve around?


Who captures and imprisons Joan?


What type of event is La Traviata that Edward and Vivian are going to see?


Qui a physiquement attaqué Vivian?


What personality rubs off on Edward, which makes it simpler?


Who is with Twinkle when she visits the prairie dog village?


Who is Twinkle at the ball?


After being captured at Sugar-Loaf Mountain, who are Twinkle and his friend taken to?


Who was the trap intended for?


Who does Twinkle meet in Prairie Dog Town?


Who really is the turtle?


Who does Twinkle meet in his dream?


Who was Twinkle with when she discovered a trap door at Sugar-Loaf Mountain?


Who captures Twinkle and Chubbins in Sugar-Loaf Mountain?


Who is Jesse Reeves?


Who takes her aside?


Who shows him Lestat's diary?


Who asks Lestat to kill Jesse?


Who was lying lifeless?


Qui a lu le journal?


Who is awakened by the music of Lestat?


Who helps Lestat drain the blood of Akasha?


Qui est tué par le pouvoir d'Akasha?


Who is the last to drink of Akasha s blood ?


Who is Abraham engaged to?


Who thought of the idea of ​​the fixed period?


Who is Neverbend s son ?


Qui est le président de Britannula?


Who saves Crasweller from his testimony?


Who is Abraham Grundle engaged to?


Who wants to inherit the fortune of John Neverbends?


Qui est le citoyen le plus âgé de Britanula?


Who is Britannula's oldest citizen?


Who is the President of Britannula?


Who is Abraham Grundle ?


Who does Margaret inherit money from?


Dans quelle ville Margaret déménage-t-elle?


Which church group does Margaret join in to?


Who is the pastor of the new church in Margarets?


Who does Margaret think will inherit her brothers money?


Who does Margaret end up marrying?


Who does Mr. Rubb end up marrying?


Which of the people that Miss Mackenzie took care of left her money ?


Who didn't want Margaret to marry John Ball?


Which of Margaret s prospective husbands worked at a church?


Who did Mr. Rubb get married to?


Who does Mackenzie meet at Littlebath?


Who returns McCandless s ashes back to Virginia from Alaska?


Which organization received a donation from Christopher in 1990?


Which of Christopher s choices made his parents the most nervous?


Pour qui travaille Supertramp à Carthage?


Who is labeled as a nitwit ?


Qui assassine Tom?


Qui Roxy met-il dans le berceau de Tom?


Who is most likely to blame for the Jia clan s mansions being raided and confiscated ?


With whom does Jia Baoyu have a special bond with ?


Qui est censé épouser Xue Baochai?


With whom did the sentient Stone travel?


Who is the main character of this story?


Qui Jia Baoyu est-il prédestiné à se marier?


Who abandoned the Stone?


Avec quel membre de la famille Jia Baoyu partage-t-elle un lien spécial?


Who is Jia Baoyu supposed to marry ?


What was the person who abandoned the stone doing when they abandoned it ?


Who hallucinates that hornets are coming out of their body ?


Who took care of Lilith when her parents could no longer care for her ?


Who sympathized with Lilith and tried to help her?


Who is Diego to Emily ?


Who told Emily the truth about who Lilith really was?


Who is Emily investigating ?


Who helps Emily save the young girl?


Who dies in the water ?


Who is Malcolm s best friend?


Who s disciple did Malcom become ?


Who did Malcom marry ?


Who was Malcolm X s father murdered by ?


Who does Gilliat fall in love with ?


Who is the captain of the Durande ?


Who was Rantaine?


Who become a good fisherman and sailor ?


Who stoolen money from Mess Lethierry ?


Who find out about the shipwreck ?


Who appears in front of people ?


Who dreams shattered?


Who grows up to be a fisherman ?


Who is the captain of the Durande ?


Who does Clubin take the money from ?


Who finds Clubin s skeleton?


Who does Gilliat return the engine to ?


Who proposed to Deruchette ?


Who drowns as he watches the ship sail away?


Who ran Kathleen s store before she took over ?


Who is Kathleen Kelly Involved with?


Who are Kathleen s store assistants ?


With whom is Kelley exchanging messages with ?


In whose hut does the main character awaken in ?


Who preyed on Christians and Indians in the past ?


Which character is taken prisoner ?


Who kills Kua-ko ?


Who does Abel meet in the enchanting forest ?


Who is Nuflo ?


Qui a accepté de laisser Markway louer la maison et quelle était la seule stipulation qui lui était imposée?


Who are Schuyler and Eleanor?


Who vanished only to reappear again , and where , startling Eleanor so bad she almost fell to her death ?


Who constructed the Old Hill House and why?


Who inherited the Old Hill House after the nurse companion s death?


Who were Markway s companions he chose to accompany him into the mansion?


Qui était le propriétaire initial de Hill House?


Who was supposed to accompany Eleanor as she drove away from Hill House?


Who is the narrator of this story ?


Who did Josh become romantically involved with while working at MacMillan ?


Who does Josh begin to develop a romance with ?


Who becomes upset about Susan and Josh s relationship ?


Quel clan d'envahisseurs était dirigé par le prince Ping Pong Pang?


Who is leader of the Boy Scouts?


Which two armies invaded the United States during the Military Invasion of America ?


Quel chef retire ses troupes parce qu'il est offensé de ne pas recevoir d'offre d'engagement dans un music-hall?


À qui revient le mérite d'avoir brûlé la Royal Academy?


Qui étaient les envahisseurs?


Who was the leader of the Russians?


Qui était le chef des Allemands?


In which month did the German start shelling?


Who earned a hearty vote of thanks from the grateful populace ?


Who did withdraw his troop?


Who left sooner ?


Qui a dirigé le Japon?


Qui est Bob Harris?


Who is a celebrity photographer?


Who does Bob end up sleeping with ?


Who does Bob and Charlotte spend a night experiencing Tokyo with ?


Avec qui Bob a-t-il couché lors de sa dernière nuit à l'hôtel?


Who does Joel try to erase from his memories ?


Qui envoie à Joël et Clémentine les fichiers de leurs effacements de mémoire?


Who is the technician who Mary is currently dating?


Who uses Joel's manners to seduce Clémentine?


Who is trying to hide Clementine in his mind?


Who is the free-spirited half of the main couple?


Who is the receptionist at Lacuna?


Who did Mary find out she was having an affair with?


Who is Patrick?


What memory did Mary the receptionist erase?


Who had the idea of ​​kidnapping a stranger and attaching a bomb to his chest?


Who meets Nick instead of Dwayne and Travis?


Qui kidnappe Dwayne et Travis après que Nick se soit échappé avec l'argent?


Who gets shot at the mayor's house?


Who is Nick's boss?


Who robs Nick of a bank?


Who's coming to get Chet and Nick's money?


Qui est Chango?


Qui frappe Kym au visage?


Who is Kym's mother?


Who comes out of the house to kiss Kym as she leaves?


Who sees Kym in the car?


Who found Kym after the accident and called the police?


Who is the bridesmaid at Rachel's wedding?


Who hugs Kym when she is leaving to return to rehab?


Qui est Hudson Hawk?


Who invented La Macchina Dell'Oro?


Who was Eddie Hawkins' partner in the crime?


Who are the owners of Mayflower Industries?


Quelle machine les propriétaires de Mayflower Industry travaillaient-ils à reconstruire?


For which agency does Sister Anna Baragli work as an operator?


Who abducts Hawk in an ambulance?


Who is the boss of the mafia?


Mayflower Industries is run by who?


Who is the main antagonist?


Qui détruit le Nabuchodonosor?


Who is the survivor?


Who owns Bane?


De qui Neo reçoit-il un message?


What avatar does Agent Smith use to leave the Matrix?


Who clones and tries to use Neo as a host?


Who takes Neo, Trinity and Morpheus to the keymaker?


Who does Morpheus beat, while Trinity escapes?


Who kills the keymaker?


Who saves Jarvis from his battle with the cart creatures?


Who is the person Jarvis thinks he sees when he is feeling homesick for New York City?


Who was Dirk Jarvis?


Who is distracted from Godwin Peak after he declares himself a Christian?


Who does Godwin meet when his paths finally cross with Buckland?


Who disclosed the secret of Godwin Peak?


When you stop in Exeter, who meets Godwin Peak?


Who did Godwin Peak have a love interest in instead of Marcella Moxey?


Who was Marcella Moxey at Godwin Peak?


Who is Godwin Peak?


Quel est le nom du vieil ami d'Admetus qui vient juste après la mort d'Alcestis?


Who prophesied that Heracles fulfilled by saving Alcestis from death?


What god avoided being stained by the death of Alceste when he left Admete's palace?


Who defended Alcestis against Thanatos?


Who conducts the 15-man choir of Pherae?


Who predicts the arrival of a man who will save Alceste from his death?


Who proclaims that Apollo is a god of many words after meeting him at the palace of Admetus?


The character, Admetus, who is his old friend?


Death is dressed in black. Who is his name?


Who beats Apollo?


Who does the sheikh suggest doing business with?


Qui prétend être le cheikh?


Who is Rosalynn starting an affair with?


Who records Richie and Irving receiving bribes?


Who is Sydney doing without?


Who is Irvings' wife?


Who catches Irving and Sydney in a loan scam?


Who does Irving's friend suggest the shiekh do business with?


Who is Stoddard's boss?


Who is Rosalyn having an affair with?


Who assaults Stoddard?


Who talks to Pete about Irvings' involvement with the FBI?


Who was Bush's true love?


What ghost does Bush think he sees?


Who did Bush have an affair with?


Who forgives Bush?


Who does Felix admit to having always loved?


Who should forgive Felix?


Who does the town wolf think Felix is ​​in league with?


Who agrees to help her organize a party?


What ghost does Felix seem to see before he dies?


In which church does Felix want to organize a funeral party?


Avec qui Felix a-t-il eu une liaison?


What ghost does Felix see before he dies?


Who officiates Felix's funeral?


Who does Khalid want to marry?


Who is Najid?


Whom secured Khalids release from jail ?


During his travels, with whom did Khalid discuss love and religion?


Who does Khalid discuss love and religion with?


Which two characters die at the end of the story?


Who is Rupert's trust trying to gain?


Qui visite Rupert?


Who kidnaps Teuta?


Who is Voivode?


Who kills the kidnappers?


Who flies the plane?


Who attacks the castle?


Who kidnaps Voivode?


Who is Teuta's father?


Which employees knew this financial crisis was going to happen?


Qui apprendra que la société vend des actifs toxiques?


Who is the resignation offered to be the scapegoat?


Who is offered a lot of money to stay with the company for another two years?


Who is promoted?


When a second person was attacked by the shark, who went into shock?


Who attacked the shark?


Who finds the boat half-lying?


What boat were they in?


Who laid the buddy line?


Who enter the water in a shark cage?


Who paddles Amity Island?


Who reopens the beaches after the police chief closed them?


Which character smashes The Orca s radio?


Who invented the substitutes?


Who is Tom's partner?


Who is killing Strickland?


Who allowed the development of the weapon under contract?


Who supplied the weapon to Strickland?


Who does Tom discover behind Jennifer's death?


Who is the inventor of the substitutes?


Who is the Dread Leader?


Who is the operator of the revealed prophet?


Who is helping Tom isolate the virus?


Which country does Jacob and his family live in?


Quelles langues Jakob apprend-il?


Who is Michaela?


What are the two things Ben admires the most about Jakob?


How does Jakob hide from the Nazis who stormed his home?


Who is Ben?


Qui est Ben?


What is the name of the child who lives with his aunt, Miss Arnold?


Who kills Mr. Maskew?


Who wins the auction for the Why Not?


Who did John and Grace name their first son with?


À QUI BLACKBEARD CROIT-IL AVOIR VOLÉ UN DIAMANT?


QUI EST MISS ARNOLD À JOHN TRENCHARD?


WITH WHOM IS JEAN AMOUR?


Who is Clemenza?


Avec qui Hilary développe-t-elle une relation amoureuse dans l'histoire?


Who was Hilary Thomas in a romantic relationship with?


À qui appartient le champ de tir?


Who was behind the sniper killings?


Who is arrested for the murders early in the story?


Who does James Barr want the police to take from him?


Who is Barr's sister?


Who does Rosemary hire to defend her brother?


Who owns the shooting range ?


Who is really behind the shoot?


Who is Helen working against ?


How many yards was the distance from the parking garage to the victims who were shot ?


Which state did the sniper practice in?


Who needs to quickly learn to navigate the boat?


Who does Davies think is trying to kill him?


Which island is believed to hold a secret treasure ?


Who invites the two men to a dinner at the Dollman villa?


Who committed suicide?


Who does Carruthers believe is responsible for linking the canals and railways ?


Who does Carruthers say has recalled him back to England ?


Qui demande à Caruthers de faire du yachting?


Qui soupçonne Davies?


Qui les hommes ont découvert qu'il était impliqué dans le projet?


Who is Carruthers?


Who is Dollman ?


Who discourages Carruthers and visiting the Isle of Memmert?


Who is Linda raised by ?


Who does Linda meet when she travels to Philadelphia ?


Who are the two gentlemen that propose to Linda ?


Qui Linda épouse-t-elle?


Who is Linda Condon dedicated to ?


Qui Linda épouse-t-elle?


From whom did Lower and Vigne inherit their love of reading?


Which of Linda s children becomes a law student?


Who was Linda s first kiss ?


Who does Stella marry?


Which two people propose to Linda ?


Who are Linda and Arnaud s children ?


Which of Linda s children gets married at the age of 18 ?


Who causes Mr. Ballard to flee ?


Who is with Mr. Ballard in the story s final car crash ?


Who is Gabrielle ?


Who is Catherine ?


Who dies in the story s first car accident ?


Which other group member does Ballard have a fling with ?


Who does Ballard meet while recovering ?


Who'se cult meetings do they go see ?


Who dies ?


Who does Ballard get into a semi-deliberate car crash with ?


Who was Katharine s escort ?


On her rise to becoming queen , whom did Katharine Serve ?


Who is Katharine s cousin ?


Who is Lady Mary ?


Who helped Katharine get the job ?


Who is the king interested in ?


Who is Thomas Cromwell ?


Who is arrested for connection to Wyatt s rebellion ?


Who rose in court ?


Who is Udal a spy for ?


Who was Katherine connected to that was arrested in January of 1554 ?


Who does Pat meet at dinner ?


Who gets into a fight at the Eagles game ?


Who becomes a couple ?


Who actually wrote Nikki s letter ?


Which team did the Eagles beat ?


Who care for the baby ?


Who was married to Bridget?


Who gets pregnant with Tom?


Who is Tom s mother ?


Who married Tom ?


Who did Mrs. Wilkins name as the most likely to have abandoned the baby ?


Who was Toms first love ?


Who was Sophia s father ?


Who is Tom s real mother ?


Who is the mother of the baby found in Mr. Allworthy s bed ?


Which brother did Bridget marry ?


Which name was Jenny Jones using when Tom met her in London ?


Who comes to live with them during the Great Depression?


Who does Rose have a crush on?


Who is Rose s first husband ?


Qui est venu vivre avec Buddy et sa famille pendant la Grande Dépression?


Pour qui Rose a-t-elle le béguin?


Who talks the doctor out of performing a hysterectomy on Rose ?


Who frees the Lady from the chair to which Cormus restrained her ?


Who does The Lady encounter while she is alone?


Which character do the brothers meet while looking for The Lady?


Who ultimately saves the Lady?


De qui Junior Gregory rejoint-il l'armée?


Who does Junior Gregory's expedition attack?


Who is helping Mary find the key to the garden?


Who brings the gardening tools to Mary?


Who does Mr. Craven dream is in the garden ?


Who teaches Mary about gardening ?


Who catches Mary, Colin and Dickon in the garden?


Who is Mary cared by?


Who does Mary live with after her parents die?


Who is Mary s Uncle?


Who is last on Death's list?


Who dies after the group thinks they have cheated death?


Who is Clear Rivers?


Qui a des visions?


Who is the last to die?


In Kimberly's vision, who is strangling Doctor Kalarjian?


Who is their only visitor?


Who broke into the cabin where Marwood and Withnail are staying?


Quand Withnail et Marwood rentrent chez eux, qui est logé chez eux?


Qui est dans l'appartement londonien lorsque Marwood et Withnail sont revenus du cottage?


Avec qui Marwood et Withnail se disputent-ils avant de partir en voyage?


Who was Monty?


Who told Monty that Marwood was locked up gay?


Who is the main character of this story?


Dans quelle maison Edward a-t-il aidé à pénétrer par effraction?


Who finds Edward alone in the mansion?


Who was Peg Boggs?


Who is Eve?


Who is Tess?


Who is Sam Bell's AI companion?


Qui Sam trouve-t-il dans le Rover accidenté?


Who is Ned Racine having an affair with?


Who is Matty married to?


Who gives Ned a bomb?


Who is killing Edmund Walker?


What body would be found in the boathouse?


Who stole Matty's identity?


With whom is Ned Racine starting to have an affair?


Qui a volé l'identité de Matty Tyler?


Who is the protagonist in this story?


Who is the antagonist of this story?


Who are Ned's two friends?


Qui Ned essaie-t-il de convaincre que Matty est vivant?


Who is David's father?


Who does Paul's father live with?


Which school is Paul moving to?


Which girl does Paul meet on his first day at school?


Who is Paul's confidant at school?


Who at school is lonely like Paul?


Who does Paul meet on his first day at Gate-Brickell Christian?


Who is the school janitor's son?


Who was the severely burned man?


What was the profession of the man who had a love affair with Hana?


Who saved Count Almasy?


Who has Almasy worked for?


Who joined the count during his expedition to the Sahara?


Who was injured by the plane crash?


Who crashes the plane and is killed instantly?


Who is the Persian Emperor?


Who conspired to overthrow Mycetes?


Who is Bajazeth?


Who is Callapine?


Who is the persian emperor?


Who wants to overthrow Mycetes?


Who is facing Tamburlaine?


Who is Bajazeth?


Who is Bajazeth's wife?


Who hanged Tamburlaine?


Who sent troops to get rid of Tamburlaine?


Who conspired to overthrow Mycetes?


Who does Tamburlaine court, capture and win?


Who takes over the throne of Mycetes after his defeat?


Who then beats Tamburlaine after Mycetes?


Qui est la femme de l'empereur turc?


Who does Billy fall in love with that night?


Who won the bet?


Who did Bill fall in love with?


Who ends up winning the bet?


Who was the captain of Enterprise-B in 2293?


Who is obsessed with entering the Nexus?


Qui convainc Kirk de quitter le Nexus?


Who is the company s bartender?


À qui appartient le Klingon BIrd of Prey?


Whose brother and nephew were allegedly killed in a fire?


Who is the commander of the United States. Company B?


Who else does Picard discover hiding safely in the Nexus?


Who was Marion planning on giving the money to?


Qui voit Marion en sortant de la ville?


Who confronts Sam about Marion's whereabouts?


Who saw Marion buying a newer car?


What is Norman's hobby?


Who wakes Marion when she falls asleep on the road?


Who appears to have murdered the private investigator?


Qui est le commodore Hawser Trunnion?


Who marries Peregrine Pickle?


Who does Commodore Hawser Trunnion live with?


Who is the main character in the beginning of the novel?


Who raises Peregrine after being alienated by his family?


Who is Peregrine getting married to?


What is the name of Peregrine's friend who likes to joke people?


What country does Peregrine go to on his trip?


Qui d'autre vit avec le Commodore Hawser Trunnion dans sa maison?


From whom does Peregrine inherit his fortune?


Qui élève Peregrine?


Who does Commodore Hawser live with?


What novelist could have been inspired to create a character inspired by Trunnion?


Who is Emelia?


Who is in love with Cora?


Who shares a passionate kiss?


Qui tue Magua?


Who calls himself the last of the Mohicans?


Which character in the story descends from a cliff to his death?


Who are Colonel Edmund Munro's daughters?


Quel personnage féminin de l'histoire est-ce que Heyward aime?


Who kills Colonel Munro?


Who does Magua take for his prisoners?


Who is killing Heyward?


Avec qui Hawkeye partage-t-il un baiser passionné?


In which war did history take place?


In the story, who travels west to find a new home?


Qui a été chargé d'escorter les filles du colonel Edward Munroe, Cora et Alice?


Who was leading Major Heywards' party in the mountains on their journey to the fort?


Who does Cora share a kiss with?


Who does Magua kill in an ambush against the British?


Who sacrifices himself in exchange for Cora's life?


Who declares himself the last of the Mohicans?


When she returns to Maine, who will she settle with?


Who comes to school to visit?


In which city is the narrator returning?


Which building does the narrator rent?


What event did the captain go to?


À qui le narrateur essaie-t-il de comparer les histoires des capitaines?


Who was killed during the botched robbery?


Who was sent to solitary confinement?


Who was Mick's partner during the flight?


Who is Mick's best friend who is killed when Mick tries to steal Paco Moreno?


Who does Mick accidentally kill when he tries to tear Paco Moreno apart?


Who is the friendliest guard in Paco?


Who wins in the showdown between Mick and Paco ?


Who sees Teufelsdrockh in the English countryside?


Who did John Montraville seduce ?


À qui Montraville a-t-il fait confiance pour s'occuper de Charlotte et de l'enfant qu'elle attend?


Who was looking for Belcour and Charlotte on his return to New York?


Who does Montraville trust in Charlotte?


Who does Charlotte write to?


Who arrives to take care of Charlotes child ?


Who is killed in the fight?


Who seduces Charlotte Temple?


After Charlotte s death, who cares for her child?


Who advises Charlotte to write to her mother?


Who finds out that Mrs. Crayton lives in poverty?


Dans quelle ville se déroule l'essentiel de l'histoire?


Who's going to South America with Ricky?


Who is the proprietor of Freek Land?


Qui Ricky appelle-t-il par télépathie à l'aide?


