The novel starts when Sherlock Holmes receives a mysterious book ciphered message from an to Professor Moriarty using the pseudonym Fred Porlock . Holmes deduces the book used for encryption to be a monthly almanac ; however , he initially uses the latest publication , which leads him to decipher Porlock statement that the Maharata Government is pigs bristles . Upon realizing his error and using the previous month s almanac , Holmes successfully deciphers the message as a warning that some deviltry is intended against one Douglas , a country gentleman residing at Birlstone Manor . Simultaneously , Inspector Macdonald arrives at Baker Street with news that Mr. Douglas has in fact been murdered . Holmes tells MacDonald Porlock s warning . However , MacDonald does n't believe that the educated and well respected Moriarty is criminal . Holmes , Watson , and MacDonald travel to Birlstone , Sussex , where they investigate the old manor with a moat where Douglas was They meet Cecil Barker , a regular guest of the Douglas . They also find a sawed-off shotgun and evidence suggesting that it was fired at close range , causing the head to be blown to pieces . Holmes explores Barker s claims room when Douglas was Moreover , they find a mark


Anna Karenina is the tragic story of a married aristocrat/socialite and her affair with the affluent Count Vronsky . The story opens when she arrives in the midst of a family broken up by her brother s unbridled own later situation , though she would experience less tolerance by others . A bachelor , Vronsky is eager to marry her if she will agree to leave her husband Karenin , a senior government official , but she is vulnerable to the pressures of Russian social norms , the moral laws of the Russian Orthodox Church , her own insecurities , and Karenin s indecision . Although Vronsky and Anna go to Italy , where they can be together , they have trouble making friends . Back in Russia , she is shunned , becoming further isolated and anxious , while Vronsky pursues his social life . Despite Vronsky s reassurances , she grows increasingly possessive and paranoid about his imagined infidelity , fearing loss control . A parallel is that of Konstantin Levin , a wealthy country landowner who wants to marry Princess Kitty , sister to Dolly and sister-in-law to Anna s brother Oblonsky . Konstantin has to twice before Kitty accepts . The novel details Konstantin s difficulties


While attending a preview of the Stab , a film within a film based on the Woodsboro murders depicted in the first Evans and Phil Stevens are murdered by Ghostface . The killer , wearing a costume , then returns to Maureen before mortally stabbing her . At first the audience believes she is part of the raucous acting out by audience members until she falls dead in front of the cinema screen . The following day , the news media including local journalist Debbie Salt descend on Windsor College where Sidney Prescott , a theatre major , now studies alongside her best friend Hallie and her new boyfriend Derek , fellow Woodsboro survivor Randy , and Derek s best friend Mickey . Sidney receives prank calls but is oblivious to the recent killings until someone instructs her to watch the news Two other Woodsboro survivors arrive at campus : officer Dewey Riley to help , and reporter Gale Weathers to cover the case . Gale tries to stage Cotton Weary , is attempting to gain fame from his exoneration for the murder of Sidney s mother . After Gale forcibly brings Sidney to Cotton , Sidney angrily hits Gale . Later that evening , Sidney goes to a party with Hallie . At a sorority house , Ghostface kills fellow student Cici . After all


The plot revolves around the conflict between two aristocratic brothers , and Franz Moor . The charismatic but rebellious student Karl is deeply loved by his father . The younger brother , Franz , who appears as a cold , calculating villain , plots to wrest away Karl s inheritance . As the play unfolds , both Franz s motives and Karl s innocence and heroism are revealed to be complex . At the same time , the play utilizes a traditional five-act structure , with each act containing two to five scenes . The play uses alternating scenes to pit the brothers against each other , as one quests for money and power , while the other attempts to create a revolutionary anarchy in Bohemian Forest . Schiller raises many disturbing issues in the play . For instance , he questions the dividing lines between personal liberty and the law and probes the psychology of power , the nature of masculinity good and evil . He strongly criticizes the hypocrisies of class and religion and the economic inequities of German society . He also conducts a complicated inquiry into the nature of evil . Schiller was inspired by the play Julius of Tarent ( 1774 ) by Johann Anton Leisewitz , a play Friedrich Schiller considered a favourite . Karl Schiller s highly emotional language and his depiction of physical violence


